<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161212_10-K_edgar_data_1387998_0001165527-16-000952_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1771431</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>111206</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>156614</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>156013</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>711881</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>609430</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>6</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001165527-16-000952.hdr.sgml : 20161212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161212103655
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001165527-16-000952
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Snoogoo Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001387998
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				205619324
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-140445
		FILM NUMBER:		162045577

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7150 E CAMELBACK ROAD
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85251
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-234-3919

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7150 E CAMELBACK ROAD
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85251

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CASEY CONTAINER CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sawadee Ventures Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070126

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001165527-16-000952.txt : 20161212

10-K
 1
 g8341.txt
 
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K
                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015

                        Commission file number 333-140445

                                  Snoogoo Corp.
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

            NEVADA                                                20-5619324
(State or Other Jurisdiction of                               (I.R.S. Employer
 Incorporation or Organization)                              Identification No.)

               7825 N Calle Caballeros, Paradise Valley, AZ 85253
          (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

                                 (800) 234-3919
                     (Telephone number, including area code)

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                      None

           Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:
                          Common Stock, $.001 par value

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No [X]

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes [ ] No [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller
reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer [ ]                        Accelerated filer [ ]
Non-accelerated filer [ ]                          Smaller reporting company [X]
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [X] No [ ]

The aggregate market value of the issuer's voting and non-voting common equity
stock held as of December 1, 2016 by non-affiliates of the issuer was $4,583,337
based on the closing price of the registrant's common stock on such date.

As of December 1, 2016 there were 188,614,701 shares of $.001 par value common
stock issued and outstanding.
 
                                 SNOOGOO, CORP.
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                        Page No.
                                                                        -------

                                     Part I

Item 1.   Business                                                            3
Item 1A.  Risk Factors                                                        4
Item 2.   Properties                                                          9
Item 3.   Legal Proceedings                                                   9
Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures                                             9

                                    Part II

Item 5.   Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder
          Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                   9
Item 6.   Selected Financial Data                                             9
Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
          and Results of Operations                                           9
Item 8.   Financial Statements                                               12
Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
          and Financial Disclosure                                           28
Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures                                            28
Item 9B.  Other Information                                                  29

                                   Part III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers                                   29
Item 11.  Executive Compensation                                             30
Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management     32
Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                     32
Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services                             33

                                    Part IV

Item 15.  Exhibits                                                           33

Signatures                                                                   34

                                       2
 
                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

Snoogoo, Corp, a Nevada corporation formally known as Casey Container Corp., was
incorporated in the State of Nevada on September 26, 2006 under the name Sawadee
Ventures Inc. to engage in the acquisition, exploration and development of
natural resource properties of merit. In September 2008, we ceased our
exploration activities, and we became a development stage company. Accordingly,
our financial statements reflect our results in accordance with the disclosure
requirements for a development stage company. We are currently considered a
"shell" company inasmuch for the periods ending December 31, 2015 and 2014 we
did not generate revenues, did not own an operating business and had no
employees and no material assets. In November of 2009 we entered into an
Additive Supply and License Agreement with Bio-Tec Environmental, developer of
the breakthrough EcoPure(R) technology.

On January 6, 2010 Ms. Rachna Khanna tendered her resignation as the President,
CEO, CFO and Director. The same day Mr. James Casey, Mr. Terry Neild, and Mr.
Robert Seaman were appointed as Directors of the Company. Mr. Casey filled the
position of President, Mr. Neild was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary, and Mr. Seaman was appointed Vice-
President-Operations.

In January 2015 the Company ended its Additive Supply and License Agreement with
Bio-Tec Environmental. On February 11, 2015 the Company entered into an Asset
Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of a new social information network
technologythat it plans to use in order to launch web and mobile applications
with broad global appeal. The technology represents a breakthrough in common
information networks by allowing individuals and groups to search, bookmark and
share all forms of digital content, both privately and publicly, based on their
own or shared interests.

Snoogoo Corp. is the developer of a new website platform designed to allow
individuals and groups to search, save and share a wide variety of digital
information online. Snoogoo can tap into organic content archived on Snoogoo,
search engines, video, audio and image resources, as well as social media and
reference sources in a single intelligent interface. Snoogoo has broad appeal
for people in all walks of life as a powerful research tool, for general
information gathering and sharing, in education, for shopping, and as a social
portal that focuses users' interests and helps to organize their digital life.

Snoogoo describes its technology as a breakthrough in common information
networks that allows individuals and groups to search, bookmark (or save) and
share nearly all forms of digital content, both privately and publicly, based on
their own or shared interests. It will create an information network that
combines the most commonly used functions of search and social media interaction
in a single website and across the most popular mobile media platforms,
including smartphones and tablets.

Snoogoo intends to make the new technology and platform the Company's primary
business going forward and is preparing its technology for deployment with plans
for the initial website launch, followed by mobile apps.

As of December 1, 2016, we had no employees other than its corporate officers.
The Company uses independent contractors who provide technology services, and
public relations. Snoogoo has not experienced any work stoppages and it
considers relations with its independent contractors to be good.

From time to time, Snoogoo may become involved in various lawsuits and legal
proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other
matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business. Snoogoo is
currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe
will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse affect on its
business, financial condition or operating results.

Snoogoo currently utilize space, for no charge, at 7825 N Calle Caballeros,
Paradise Valley, AZ 85253.

                                       3
 
The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon the
successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any
offering, any sales of equity securities or debt securities, bank and other
borrowings or a combination of those sources to affect our growth potential.
While we may, under certain circumstances, seek to effect business combinations
with additional target business, unless additional financing is obtained, we may
not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to
undertake additional business combinations.

The Company has established a public trading market for its shares thus avoiding
the perceived adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself, such
as the time delays and significant expenses incurred to comply with the various
federal and state securities law that regulate initial public offerings.

As a result of our limited resources, unless and until additional financing is
obtained we expect to have sufficient proceeds to effect only a single business
combination. Accordingly, the prospects for our success will be entirely
dependent upon the future performance of a single business. Unlike certain
entities that have the resources to consummate several business combinations or
entities operating in multiple industries or multiple segments of a single
industry, we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit
from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. Our business is
dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited
number of products, processes or services, in which case there will be an even
higher risk that the business will not prove to be commercially viable.
Our current officers are devoted full time to our affairs. Our officers may be
entitled to receive compensation for such services. We depend on outside
consultants, advisors, attorneys and accountants as necessary, some of which
will be hired on a retainer basis. We do anticipate on hiring full-time
employees as we develop the Company's business.

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

IN ADDITION TO THE OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THIS REPORT, YOU SHOULD
CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING FACTORS IN EVALUATING OUR BUSINESS, OPERATIONS
AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. ADDITIONAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES NOT PRESENTLY KNOWN
TO US, THAT WE CURRENTLY DEEM IMMATERIAL OR THAT ARE SIMILAR TO THOSE FACED BY
OTHER COMPANIES IN OUR INDUSTRY OR BUSINESS IN GENERAL, SUCH AS COMPETITIVE
CONDITIONS, MAY ALSO IMPAIR OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS. THE OCCURRENCE OF ANY OF
THE FOLLOWING RISKS COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS,
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

WE HAVE NO RECENT OPERATING HISTORY OR BASIS FOR EVALUATING PROSPECTS.

Since September 2006, up to the period ending 12/31/2015, we had no operating
business. We have entered into a new business model and may seek acquisitions
and/or business combination with another operating company similar to our
current business model, namely internet search engine social media website. To
date, our efforts have been limited to meeting our regulatory filing
requirements and business development.

WE HAVE LIMITED RESOURCES AND NO REVENUES FROM OPERATIONS, AND WILL NEED
ADDITIONAL FINANCING IN ORDER TO EXECUTE ANY BUSINESS PLAN.

We have limited resources, no revenues from operations to date and our cash on
hand may not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements during the next
twelve months. In addition, we will not achieve any revenues (other than
insignificant investment income) until, at the earliest, the Company's new
business model is executed and we cannot ascertain our full capital requirements

                                       4
 
until such time. Further limiting our abilities to achieve revenues, in order to
avoid status as an "Investment Company" under the Investment Company Act, we can
only invest our funds prior to a merger in limited investments which do not
invoke Investment Company status. There can be no assurance that determinations
ultimately made by us will permit us to achieve our business objectives.

THERE MAY BE CONFLICTS OF INTEREST BETWEEN OUR MANAGEMENT AND OUR NON-MANAGEMENT
STOCKHOLDERS.

Conflicts of interest create the risk that management may have an incentive to
act adversely to the interests of other investors. Our officers may be entitled
to receive compensation from a target company they identify or provide services
to in connection with a business combination and receive compensation for such
services. A conflict of interest may arise between our management's personal
pecuniary interest and their fiduciary duty to our stockholders. Further, our
management's own pecuniary interest may at some point compromise their fiduciary
duty to our stockholders. We cannot assure you that conflicts of interest among
us, our management and our stockholders will not develop.

WE CURRENTLY HAVE NO AGREEMENT FOR A BUSINESS COMBINATION OR OTHER TRANSACTION.

On September 18, 2013, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement
("Agreement") with Aruba Brands Corp ("Aruba"), whereby Aruba will acquire for
$1.5 million, 19.9% in restricted Common shares, based upon the total of the
Company's issued and outstanding shares upon completion of the funding of this
Agreement. The contemplated funding has not occurred as of December 31, 2014 nor
the date of this Filing.

CURRENT STOCKHOLDERS WILL BE IMMEDIATELY AND SUBSTANTIALLY DILUTED UPON A MERGER
OR BUSINESS COMBINATION.

For the year ending December 31, 2015 the Company's Articles of Incorporation
authorized the issuance of 1,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 10,000,000
Preferred Shares. On February 9, 2015 the Board of Directors approved an
increase of the authorized common shares from 250,000,000 to 1,000,000,000.
There are currently 811,385,299 authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock
available for issuance. To the extent that additional shares of Common Stock are
authorized and issued in connection with a merger or business combination, our
stockholders could experience significant dilution of their respective ownership
interests. Furthermore, the issuance of a substantial number of shares of Common
Stock may adversely affect prevailing market prices, if any, for the Common
Stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale
of equity securities.

CONTROL BY EXISTING STOCKHOLDER.

No one person is in control of the outstanding shares.

OUR COMMON STOCK IS A "PENNY STOCK" WHICH MAY RESTRICT THE ABILITY OF
STOCKHOLDERS TO SELL OUR COMMON STOCK IN THE SECONDARY MARKET.

The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define "penny stock" to be an
equity security that has a market price, as defined, of less than $5.00 per
share, or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain
exceptions, including an exception of an equity security that is quoted on a
national securities exchange. Our Common Stock is not now quoted on a national
exchange but is traded on FINRA's OTC Markets ("OTCQB"). Thus, they are subject
to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell these securities. For example, the broker-dealer must make a special
suitability determination for the purchaser of such securities and have received
the purchaser's written consent to the transactions prior to the purchase.
Additionally, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a

                                       5
 
disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The
broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the
broker-dealer and the registered underwriter, and current quotations for the
securities, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker, the
broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer presumed control
over the market. Finally, among other requirements, monthly statements must be
sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account
and information on the limited market in penny stocks. The "penny stock" rules,
may restrict the ability of our stockholders to sell our Common Stock in the
secondary market.

LIQUIDITY IS LIMITED, AND WE MAY BE UNABLE TO OBTAIN LISTING OF OUR COMMON STOCK
ON A MORE LIQUID MARKET.

Our Common Stock is quoted on the FINRA'S OTC Markets ("OTCQB"), which provides
significantly less liquidity than a securities exchange (such as the American or
New York Stock Exchange) or an automated quotation system (such as the Nasdaq
Global Market or Capital Market). There is uncertainty that we will ever be
accepted for a listing on an automated quotation system or national securities
exchange.

              RISKS RELATED TO OUR NEW BUSINESS MODEL AND INDUSTRY

THE COMPANY WILL NEED SIGNIFICANT ADDITIONAL CAPITAL, WHICH THEY MAY BE UNABLE
TO OBTAIN.

The Company's capital requirements in connection with its development activities
and transition to commercial operations have been and will continue to be
significant. The Company will require additional funds to build its marketing
and advertising, lease office facility needed for further development, marketing
and administrative support. There can be no assurance that financing will be
available in amounts or on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all.

THE COMPANY WILL FACE SIGNIFICANT COMPETITION.

As stated earlier, Snoogoo Corp. is the developer of a new website platform
designed to allow individuals and groups to search, save and share a wide
variety of digital information online. Currently this space is dominated by
search engine giants Google, Yahoo, Bing and social networking websites
Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and many others. In addition to the leaders there
are many others seeking to break into this multi-billion dollar industry.
Competition is very significant and the Company will need to be proactive in
separating itself from the crowd.

What makes Snoogoo unique from its competitors is in its proprietary methods,
and innovative architectures in combining existing search, online social
networks with real person to person networking. The Company intends to utilize
its proprietary methods, and innovative architectures of its platform to
separate itself from its competitors and seek to ultimately be a leader in the
internet search engine social media space.

THE COMPANY'S OPERATING RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE, MAKING RESULTS DIFFICULT TO
PREDICT AND COULD CAUSE PROJECTED RESULTS TO FALL SHORT OF EXPECTATIONS.

The Company's operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of
factors, many outside of the Company's control. As a result, comparing the
Company's operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful,
and it should not rely on the Company's past results as an indication of their
future performance. The Company's quarterly, year-to-date, and annual expenses
as a percentage of their revenues may differ significantly from historical or
projected rates. The Company's operating results in future quarters may fall
below expectations. Any of these events could cause the Company's stock price to
fall. Each of the risk factors listed in Risk Factors, and the following factors
may affect the Company's operating results:

                                       6
 
THE COMPANY'S BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS COULD EXPERIENCE RAPID GROWTH. IF THEY
FAIL TO EFFECTIVELY MANAGE THEIR GROWTH, THEIR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS
COULD BE HARMED.

     *    Our ability to continue to attract customers.
     *    The amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures
          related to the maintenance and expansion of the Company's businesses,
          operations and infrastructure.
     *    The Company's focus on long-term goals over short-term results.
     *    The results of investments in risky projects.
     *    The Company's ability to keep operations operational at a reasonable
          cost and without service interruptions.
     *    The Company's ability to achieve revenue goals for partners to whom
          they guarantee minimum payments or pay distribution fees.
     *    The Company's ability to generate revenue from services in which they
          have invested considerable time and resources.

The Company could experience rapid growth in its operations, which could place
significant demands on management, operational and financial infrastructure. If
the Company does not effectively manage its growth, the quality of their
products and services could suffer, which could negatively affect branding and
operating results. To effectively manage this growth, the Company will need to
continue to improve its operational, financial and management controls and
reporting systems and procedures. These systems enhancements and improvements
could require significant capital expenditures and management resources. Failure
to implement these improvements could hurt the Company's ability to manage its
growth and financial position.

THE COMPANY'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS ARE VALUABLE, AND ANY INABILITY TO
PROTECT THEM COULD REDUCE THE VALUE OF THEIR PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND BRAND.

The Company's trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual
property rights are important assets for the Company. Various events outside of
their control pose a threat to their intellectual property rights as well as to
their products and services. For example, effective intellectual property
protection may not be available in every country in which their products are
distributed. Also, the efforts the Company takes to protect its proprietary
rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of their
intellectual property rights could harm the Company's business or ability to
compete. Also, protecting their intellectual property rights is costly and time
consuming.

THE COMPANY RELIES ON HIGHLY SKILLED PERSONNEL AND, IF THEY ARE UNABLE TO RETAIN
OR MOTIVATE KEY PERSONNEL OR HIRE QUALIFIED PERSONNEL, THEY MAY NOT BE ABLE TO
GROW EFFECTIVELY.

The Company's performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly
skilled individuals. Their future success depends on the Company's continuing
ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel
for all areas of our organization.

                   RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK

THE TRADING PRICE FOR THE COMPANY'S COMMON STOCK MAY BE VOLATILE

The market price of the Company's common shares may experience fluctuations. The
market price of common shares may be adversely affected by various factors,
including proposed Internet legislation or enforcement of existing laws,
innovation and technological changes, the emergence of new competitors,
quarterly variations in revenue and results of operations, speculation in the
press or analyst community and general market conditions or market conditions
specific to particular industries, including the Internet and gaming.

                                       7
 
THERE IS A LIMITED MARKET FOR THE COMPANY'S COMMON STOCK, WHICH MAY MAKE IT
DIFFICULT TO SELL STOCK.

The Company's common stock trades on the OTCQB under the symbol "SGOO." There is
a limited trading market for their common stock. Accordingly, there can be no
assurance as to the liquidity of any markets that may develop for the Company's
common stock, the ability of holders of the Company's common stock to sell the
Company's common stock, or the prices at which holders may be able to sell the
Company's common stock.

SNOOGOO'S SHARES ARE SUBJECT TO THE U.S. "PENNY STOCK" RULES AND INVESTORS WHO
PURCHASE SHARES MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY RE-SELLING THEIR SHARES AS THE LIQUIDITY OF
THE MARKET FOR SHARES MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY THE IMPACT OF THE "PENNY
STOCK" RULES.

The Company's stock is subject to U.S. "Penny Stock" rules, which may make the
stock more difficult to trade on the open market. The Company's common shares
currently trade on the OTCQB. A "penny stock" is generally defined by
regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") as an equity
security with a market price of less than US$5.00 per share. However, an equity
security with a market price under US$5.00 will not be considered a penny stock
if it fits within any of the following exceptions:

     (i)  the equity security is listed on NASDAQ or a national securities
          exchange;
     (ii) the issuer of the equity security has been in continuous operation for
          less than three years, and either has (a) net tangible assets of at
          least US$5,000,000, or (b) average annual revenue of at least
          US$6,000,000; or
     (iii) the issuer of the equity security has been in continuous operation
          for more than three years, and has net tangible assets of at least
          US$2,000,000.

The Company's common stock does not currently fit into any of the above
exceptions. If an investor buys or sells a penny stock, SEC regulations require
that the investor receive, prior to the transaction, a disclosure explaining the
penny stock market and associated risks. Furthermore, trading in SGOO's common
stock is currently subject to Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act, which relates to
non-NASDAQ and non-exchange listed securities. Under this rule, broker/dealers
who recommend the Company's securities to persons other than established
customers and accredited investors must make a special written suitability
determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to
a transaction prior to sale. Securities are exempt from this rule if their
market price is at least $5.00 per share.

Since the Company's common stock is currently deemed a penny stock, it may tend
to reduce market liquidity of the Company's common stock, because they limit the
broker/dealers' ability to trade, and a purchaser's ability to sell, the stock
in the secondary market.

A low price of the Company's common stock has a negative effect on the amount
and percentage of transaction costs paid by individual shareholders. A low price
of the Company's common stock also limits the Company's ability to raise
additional capital by issuing additional shares. There are several reasons for
these effects. First, the internal policies of certain institutional investors
prohibit the purchase of low-priced stocks. Second, many brokerage houses do not
permit low-priced stocks to be used as collateral for margin accounts or to be
purchased on margin. Third, some brokerage house policies and practices tend to
discourage individual brokers from dealing in low-priced stocks. Finally,
broker's commissions on low-priced stocks usually represent a higher percentage
of the stock price than commissions on higher priced stocks. As a result, the
Company's shareholders may pay transaction costs that are a higher percentage of
their total share value than if the Company's share price were substantially
higher.

                                       8
 
For more information about penny stocks, contact the Office of Filings,
Information and Consumer Services of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549, or by telephone at
(202) 272-7440.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

We currently utilize space, for no charge, at 7825 N Calle Caballeros, Paradise
Valley, AZ 85253. The facilities include an answering machine, a fax machine,
computer and office equipment. We intend to use these facilities for the time
being until we feel we have outgrown them. We currently have no investment
policies as they pertain to real estate, real estate interests or real estate
mortgages.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Snoogoo, Corp. is not currently involved in any legal proceedings and we are not
aware of any pending or potential legal actions.

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not Applicable.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

(a) Market Information:
Our Common Stock is traded on FINRA's OTC Markets ("OTCQB") market under the
symbol "SGOO". To date, there has not been an active trading market.

(b) Holders:
At December 31, 2015 and 2014, 310 and 280 certificate holding stockholders of
record of our Common Stock.

(c) Dividend:
We have not declared any cash dividends and do not intend to declare or pay any
cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

(d) Transfer Agent:
The company has retained Pacific Stock Transfer Co. of 6725 Via Austi Pkwy Suite
300 Las Vegas, Nevada 89119 as their transfer agent.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not Applicable under smaller reporting company disclosure rules.

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

Some of the statements contained in this Form 10-K that are not historical facts
are "forward-looking statements" which can be identified by the use of
terminology such as "estimates," "projects," "plans," "believes," "expects,"
"anticipates," "intends," or the negative or other variations, or by discussions
of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. We urge you to be cautious of
the forward-looking statements, that such statements, which are contained in
this Form 10-K, reflect our current beliefs with respect to future events and
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors affecting our
operations, market growth, services, products and licenses. No assurances can be
given regarding the achievement of future results, as actual results may differ
materially as a result of the risks we face, and actual events may differ from

                                       9
 
the assumptions underlying the statements that have been made regarding
anticipated events. Factors that may cause actual results, our performance or
achievements, or industry results, to differ materially from those contemplated
by such forward-looking statements include without limitation:

     *    Our ability to attract and retain management, and to integrate and
          maintain technical information and management information systems;
     *    Our ability to raise capital when needed and on acceptable terms and
          conditions;
     *    The intensity of competition; and
     *    General economic conditions.

All written and oral forward-looking statements made in connection with this
Form 10-K that are attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are
expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Given the
uncertainties that surround such statements, you are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.

SNOOGOO CORP. PLAN OF OPERATIONS

Snoogoo Corp., a Nevada corporation, was incorporated under the name Sawadee
Ventures Inc. in the State of Nevada on September 26, 2006. The Company was
formed to engage in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural
resource properties of merit. In November of 2009 we entered into an Additive
Supply and License Agreement with Bio-Tec Environmental, developer of the
breakthrough EcoPure(R) technology.

In January 2015 the Company ended its Additive Supply and License Agreement with
Bio-Tec Environmental. On February 11, 2015 the Company entered into an Asset
Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of a new social information network
technology had it plans to use in order to launch web and mobile applications
with broad global appeal.

We have not generated any income since inception, as of the years ended December
31, 2015 and 2014, have incurred a net loss of $(1,575,358) and $(280,708),
respectively.

We are currently focusing on generating revenue by implementing three phases of
our strategy. First, we plan to raise capital to purchase manufacturing
equipment and lease a manufacturing facility. Second, we plan to increase our
customer base. Third, we intend to leverage our assets to expand our business
model through the acquisitions of related businesses.

SNOOGOO CORP. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Revenues:
The Company is a Development stage company and has not generated any revenues
during the period from inception to December 31, 2015.

Property and equipment:
The Company currently owns no equipment.

Total Expenses:
The Company incurred operating expenses and interest expense for the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014 of $1,405,566 and $274,576, and $4,932 and $6,132,
respectively, due to administrative and interest expenses. As of December 31,
2015 the Company had a Loss on Settlement of Debt of $164,860.

Net Income (Loss):
The Company incurred losses for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 of
$(1,575,358) and $(280,708) respectively, due to impairment of long-term assets
and administrative and interest expenses.

                                       10
 
Liquidity and Capital Resources:
For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash includes demand deposits, time
deposits, and short-term cash equivalents with original maturities of three
months or less. As of December 31, 2015, and 2014, Snoogoo had $80 and $85,
respectively.

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements:
We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2015 and
December 31, 2014.

The Company sold for cash $452,427 of equity securities from inception thru
December 31, 2015. In the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company issued
41,268,000 common shares in exchange for amounts owed to debtors.

The following table provides selected financial data about Snoogoo, Corp. for
the periods ending December 31, 2015 and 2014.

          Balance Sheet Data:           12/31/15            12/31/14
          -------------------           --------            --------

          Cash                          $      80           $      85
          Total assets                  $      80           $      85
          Total liabilities             $ 470,595           $ 882,642
          Shareholders' equity          $(470,515)          $(882,557)

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

EFFECT OF RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

In accordance with the reporting requirements of SFAS No. 107, DISCLOSURES ABOUT
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, the Company calculates the fair value of
its assets and liabilities which qualify as financial instruments under this
statement and includes this additional information in the notes to the financial
statements when the fair value is different than the carrying value of those
financial instruments. The estimated fair value of cash, accounts payable and
credit cards payable approximate their carrying amounts due to the short
maturity of these instruments. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company did
not have any other financial instruments.

INCOME TAXES

The Company accounts for corporate income taxes in accordance with Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109. The Company recognizes deferred
tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events
that have been recognized in the financial statements and tax returns. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the
financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities
using enacted tax rates in the years in which the differences are expected to be
settled or realized.

                                       11
 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                     [LETTERHEAD OF SEALE AND BEERS, CPAS]

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Snoogoo Corp.

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Snoogoo Corp. as of December
31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 and the related statements of operations,
stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended December 31, 2015. Snoogoo Corp.'s management is
responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. The company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over
financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Snoogoo Corp. as of December
31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2015, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the
Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the
financial statements, the Company has no revenues, has negative working capital
at December 31, 2015, has incurred recurring losses, and has an accumulated
deficit which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. Management's plans concerning these matters are also described in Note
2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/s/ Seale and Beers, CPAs
------------------------------------

Seale and Beers, CPAs
Las Vegas, Nevada
December 7, 2016

                                       12
 
                                  SNOOGOO CORP.
                         Formerly Casey Container Corp.
                                 Balance Sheets
                           (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)
                                    (Audited)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                       13
 
                                  SNOOGOO CORP.
                         Formerly Casey Container Corp.
                            Statements of Operations
                           (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)
                                    (Audited)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                       14
 
                                  SNOOGOO CORP.
                         Formerly Casey Container Corp.
                  Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)
                                December 31, 2015
                           (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)
                                    (Audited)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                       15
 
                                  SNOOGOO CORP.
                         Formerly Casey Container Corp.
                  Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)
                                December 31, 2015
                                   (Continued)
                           (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)
                                    (Audited)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                       16
 
                                  SNOOGOO CORP.
                         Formerly Casey Container Corp.
                            Statements of Cash Flows
                           (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)
                                    (Audited)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                       17
 
                                  SNOOGOO CORP.
                        (formerly Casey Container Corp.)
                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                           December 31, 2015 and 2014

1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS, HISTORY AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS, HISTORY AND COMPANY TODAY - Snoogoo Corporation
(formerly Casey Container Corp. and formerly Sawadee Ventures Inc.), a Nevada
corporation, (hereinafter referred to as the "Company" or "Snoogoo Corp") was
incorporated in the State of Nevada on September 26, 2006. The Company's
year-end is December 31. The Company was originally formed in 2006 to engage in
the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties of
merit.

Effective January 12, 2010, James Casey, Terry Neild and Robert Seaman were
appointed as Directors of the Company. Mr. Casey was elected President, Mr.
Terry Neild was elected Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and
Secretary and Mr. Seaman was elected Vice President-Operations.

Effective January 12, 2010, the Company's Certificate of Incorporation was
changed and the name of the Company was changed to Casey Container Corp.
("Casey"). Casey designs and will custom manufacture biodegradable PET and other
polymer plastic preforms that become PET and other polymer plastic bottles and
containers, for such product lines as bottled water, bottled beverages and other
consumer products. Casey has a non-exclusive supply and license agreement with
Bio-Tec Environmental, LLC. Casey currently is considered a "shell" company
inasmuch as it is not in production and has no revenues, employees or material
assets.

Effective February 7, 2011, Martin R. Nason was elected President, Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Neild remained Chairman of
the Board of Directors and Secretary, Mr. Casey as Vice President of Technical
Services and Sales and Mr. Seaman as Vice President Manufacturing. On January
31, 2014, Mr. Seaman resigned and Mr. Nason was elected as a Director.

On January 9, 2015 the Board Of Directors approved a Letter Of Understanding and
Term Sheet to purchase the assets, including, but not limited to patents,
intellectual property rights, logos and commercial symbols relating to an
Information Network technology software. The acquisition of the assets and
change in the direction of the Company's business was completed on February 11,
2015. James T. Casey and Robert Seaman, both Vice Presidents, left Snoogoo Corp.
effective February 11, 2015, due to the completion of the acquisition of the
assets and change in business direction (see February 9, 2015 below).

On January 14 and 16, 2015, James T. Casey and Martin R. Nason, respectively,
resigned as Members of the Board Of Directors, which was approved by the
remaining Board Members on January 20, 2015. Mr. Nason remains as its Chief
Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer. On May 15, 2015, Mr.
Nason resigned all his positions with the Company and Terry W. Neild was
appointed Chief Executive Officer, Robert Egeland was appointed President,
Michael Schifsky was appointed Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer and Leonard
Braumberger was appointed Chief Technology Officer. On October 28, 2015 Michael
Schifsky resigned his positions and on November 2, 2015, Mr. Nason was appointed
Interim CFO and Interim Treasurer.

On February 9, 2015, the Board of Directors resolved and approved to change the
Company's name to SnooGoo Corp. and to increase the number of authorized Common
Shares from 250,000,000, $0.001 par value to 1,000,000,000, $0.001 par value,
which was approved by over 51% of the issued and outstanding Common Shares. On
February 10, 2015, a Certificate of Amendment was accordingly filed with the
State of Nevada and the Company received a Nevada State Business License for
SnooGoo Corp. on February 11, 2015.

On February 23, 2015, the Company received approval from the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority ("FINA"), that it approved the name change from Casey
Container Corp. to SnooGoo Corp. and assigned the trading symbol "SGOO"
effective the beginning of trading on February 24, 2015.

                                       18
 
                                  SNOOGOO CORP.
                        (formerly Casey Container Corp.)
                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                           December 31, 2015 and 2014

1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS, HISTORY AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued)

BASIS OF PRESENTATION - In the opinion of management, the accompanying balance
sheets and related statements of operations, cash flows and stockholders' equity
include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring items, necessary
for their fair presentation in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"). Preparing financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of
revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results and outcomes
may differ from managements' estimates and assumptions.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - The Company considers all highly liquid investments
with maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

INCOME TAXES - The Company accounts for its income taxes by recognizing deferred
tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences attributable to
differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax basis and tax credit carry forwards.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax
assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in operations in
the period that includes the enactment date.

The Company has net operating loss carryovers of $4,709,268 and $4,537,713 for
the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 respectively, to be used to reduce
future year's taxable income. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance for
the full potential tax benefit of the operating loss carryovers due to the
uncertainty regarding realization.

                                           December 31, 2015   December 31, 2014
                                           -----------------   -----------------

Net operating loss carryovers                 $ 4,709,268         $ 4,537,713
                                              ===========         ===========

Effective tax deferred asset (30% tax rate)   $ 1,412,780         $ 1,361,314
Impairment of tax deferred asset              $(1,412,780)        $(1,361,314)
                                              -----------         -----------
Net tax deferred asset                        $         0         $         0
                                              ===========         ===========

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE - Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the
net loss available to common stockholders for the period by the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. The calculation
of diluted net loss per share gives effect to common stock equivalents; however,
potential common shares are excluded if their effect is anti-dilutive. For the
period from September 26, 2006 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2015,
the Company had no potentially dilutive securities. The basic and diluted net
loss per share was $(0.01) and $(0.00) for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 the Net Loss
was $(1,575,358) and $(280,708), respectively. For the years ended December 31,
2015 and 2014, the Weighted Average Number of Common shares used in per share
calculations was 154,347,356 and 94,448,130 respectively.

                                       19
 
                                  SNOOGOO CORP.
                        (formerly Casey Container Corp.)
                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                           December 31, 2015 and 2014

1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS, HISTORY AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued)

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION - The Company has not adopted a stock option plan. In
the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company issued 4,000,000 and
none Restricted Common shares with a value of $240,000 and none respectively to
its two independent Board Members, which was the closing price of the Company's
freely-traded Common shares on the date of issuance.

REVENUE RECOGNITION - The Company recognizes revenue when the following four
revenue recognition criteria are met (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement
that exists; (2) delivery has occurred or services have been provided; (3) the
selling price is fixed or determinable and (4) collectability is reasonably
assured.

LONG-LIVED ASSETS - The carrying value of intangible assets and other long-lived
assets is reviewed on a regular basis for the existence of facts or
circumstances that may suggest impairment. The Company recognizes impairment
when the sum of the expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the
carrying amount of the asset. Impairment losses, if any, are measured as the
excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its estimated fair value.

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - Fair value estimates discussed herein are
based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to
management, as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. These financial instruments
include cash, prepaid expenses and accounts payable. Fair values were assumed to
approximate carrying values for cash and payables because they are short term in
nature and their carrying amounts approximate fair values or they are payable on
demand.

Level 1: The preferred inputs to valuation efforts are "quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities," with the caveat that the reporting
entity mush have access to that market. Information at this level is based on
direct observations of transactions involving the same assets and liabilities,
not assumptions, and thus offers superior reliability. However, relatively few
items, especially physical assets, actual trade in active markets.

Level 2: The Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") acknowledged that
active markets for identical assets and liabilities are relatively uncommon and,
even when they do exist, they may be too thin to provide reliable information.
To deal with this shortage of direct data, FASB provided a second level of
inputs that can be applied in three situations.

Level 3: If inputs from Levels 1 and 2 are not available, FASB acknowledges that
fair value measures of many assets and liabilities are less precise. FASB
describes Level 3 inputs as "unobservable," and limits their use by saying they
"shall be used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are
not available." This category allows "for situations in which there is little,
if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date."
Earlier in the standard, FASB explains that "observable inputs" are gathered
from sources other than the reporting company and that they are expected to
reflect assumptions made my market participants.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS - FASB issues various Accounting Standards
Updates relating to the treatment and recording of certain accounting
transactions. On June 10, 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-10, DEVELOPMENT STAGE ENTITIES (TOPIC
915) - ELIMINATION OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL REPORTING REQUIREMENTS, INCLUDING AN
AMENDMENT TO VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES GUIDANCE IN TOPIC 810, CONSOLIDATION,
which eliminates the concept of a development stage entity (DSE) entirely from
current accounting guidance. The Company has elected adoption of this standard,
which eliminates the designation of DSEs and the requirement to disclose results
of operations and cash flows since inception.

                                       20
 
                                  SNOOGOO CORP.
                        (formerly Casey Container Corp.)
                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                           December 31, 2015 and 2014

2. GOING CONCERN

The Company incurred net losses of $6,113,071 for the period from September 26,
2006 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2015 and has commenced limited
operations, raising substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as
a going concern. The Company plans to continue to sell its restricted Common
shares for cash and services and borrow from its directors, officers, related
and non-related parties, reduce its cash expenses and continue to raise
sufficient equity capital for cash, but there can be no assurance the Company
will be successful in raising the equity capital for cash. The ability of the
Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on receiving sufficient
sources of cash equity capital and the success of the Company's plan. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if
the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.

3. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, the Company does not own any
physical property and/or equipment.

4.  INTANGIBLES

The Company's accounting policy for Long-Lived Assets requires it to review on a
regular basis for facts or circumstances that may suggest impairment. Software
development costs totaling $337,855 were recorded as an Intangible Asset during
the year ended December 31, 2015. These costs were related to the development of
the Company's new social information network technology platform (search, save
and share) it intends to use to launch web and mobile applications with broad
global appeal. At the end of December 31, 2015, the Company deemed these costs
were impaired in its entirety as reflected on the Company's Statement of
Operations as a General and Administrative expense. The Company concluded that
such impairment should be recognized based on that if the Company is unable to
obtain the financial resources needed to execute its business plan, there is
substantial doubt regarding the Company's ability to continue as a going concern
based on the Company's cash position at year-end and the unlikelihood of
recovering the investment in the Intangible Asset. (See Note 13).

5. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company has 10,000,000 Preferred shares
authorized with a par value of $0.001 per share and 1,000,000,000 and
250,000,000 Common shares authorized (see Note 1"Description Of Business" above)
with a par value of $0.001 per share. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company
had 162,989,701 and 94,771,701 Common shares issued and outstanding,
respectively.

On January 31, 2014, the Company signed a Debt Settlement Agreement with Aruba
Capital Partners Limited, a company owned by its Chairman, whereby 1,250,000
Restricted Common shares at $0.04 per share were issued in exchange for $50,000
of unpaid expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and a non-interest bearing
loan made to the Company, which represents a 33.3% discount to the closing price
of the Company's freely-traded shares on the OTC.BB (see Note 6 "Related Party
Transactions:).

On April 3, 2014, the Company sold 250,000 Restricted Common shares at $0.04 per
share for cash to a non-related party who's also a vendor (see April 4, 2014
transaction below), which represents a 33.3% discount to the closing price of
$0.06 per share of the Company's freely-traded shares on the OTC.BB.

                                       21
 
                                  SNOOGOO CORP.
                        (formerly Casey Container Corp.)
                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                           December 31, 2015 and 2014

5. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (continued)

On April 4, 2014, the Company signed a Debt Settlement Agreement with a
non-related vendor, whereby the Company issued 505,000 Restricted Common shares
at $0.04 per share in exchange for $20,200 of accounts payable owed to the
vendor, which represents a 33.3% discount to the closing price of $0.06 per
share of the Company's freely-traded shares on the OTC.BB.

On April 10, 2014, the Company sold 66,667 Restricted Common shares at $0.075
per share for cash to a non-related party, which represents a 25% discount to
the closing price of $0.10 per share of the Company's freely-traded shares on
the OTC.BB.

On January 6, 2015, the Company executed three Debt Settlement Agreements,
whereby the Company issued twenty million Restricted Common shares to its
Chairman, one million Restricted Common shares to a non-officer Director and
five million Restricted Common shares to a vendor, at $0.01 per share, the
closing price of the Company's freely-traded shares being $0.012 per share, in
exchange for accounts payable and loans of $200,000, $10,000 and $50,000,
respectively.

On January 27, 2015, the Company executed a Debt Settlement Agreement with its
CEO, President and CFO, whereby the Company issued 6.5 million Restricted Common
shares at $0.02 per share, the closing price of the Company's freely-traded
shares being $0.025 per share, in exchange for $195,000 of accounts payable
owed.

On February 9, 2015, the Company sold for cash $25,000 for one million
Restricted Common shares at $0.025 to a non-related party. The closing price of
the Company's freely-traded shares was $0.05 per share.

On February 10, 2015, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its
Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada increasing the number of its
authorized Common shares from 250,000,000 to 1,000,000,000.

On February 10, 2015, the Company entered into four Consulting Agreements with
non-related parties, issuing a total of 16 million shares of its Restricted
Common shares at $0.05 per share, the closing price of its freely-traded shares.

On February 11, 2015, the Company signed a Debt Settlement Agreement with its
CEO, President and CFO, whereby the Company issued 6,668,000 Restricted Common
shares at $0.05 per share, the closing price of the Company's freely-traded
shares, in exchange for $200,040 of accounts payable owed.

On February 17, 2015, the Company signed Amendments to the Agreement to serve on
the Board of Directors with its two independent Directors, whereby the Company
issued four million shares of Restricted Common Shares (two million to each
Director) at $0.06, the closing price of the Company's freely-traded shares.

On April 21, 2015, the Company issued 1,100,000 shares of its Restricted Common
stock pursuant to a Debt Settlement Agreement with Aruba Capital Management,
Inc., a related party, in exchange for $33,000 of accounts payable owed by the
Company for expenses paid on its behalf.

On May 12, 2015, the Company issued 500,000 shares of its Restricted Common
stock to an unrelated party in exchange for $5,000.

                                       22
 
                                  SNOOGOO CORP.
                        (formerly Casey Container Corp.)
                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                           December 31, 2015 and 2014

5. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (continued)

On May 13, 2015, the Company issued 750,000 shares of its Restricted Common
stock to an unrelated party in exchange for $7,500.

On May 14, 2015, the Company issued 250,000 shares of its Restricted Common
stock to an unrelated party in exchange for $2,500.

On June 10, 2015, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of its Restricted Common
stock to an unrelated party in exchange for $10,000. As of June 30, 2015, the
Company had received $2,500 and recorded a Subscription receivable of $7,500,
which was collected in July 2015.

On August 25, 2015, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of its Restricted Common
stock at $0.01 per share, the closing price of the Company's freely-traded
shares being $0.022 per share, in settlement of $10,000 owed by the Company.

The Company recorded a net loss of $164,860 resulting from settlement of
$665,040 of debt for 40,168,000 Restricted Common shares during the nine-months
ended September 30, 2015.

On October 4, 2015, the Company issued 500,000 shares of its Restricted Common
stock to an unrelated party at $0.01 per share in exchange for $5,000.

On October 10, 2015, the Company issued 250,000 shares of its Restricted Common
stock to an unrelated party at $0.01 per share in exchange for $2,500.

On October 27, 2015, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement and issued
4,000,000 shares of its Restricted Common Shares at $0.01 per share.

On November 15, 2015, the Company issued 1,200,000 shares of its Restricted
Common Shares at $0.01 per share for $12,000.

On December 3, 2015, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of its Restricted
Common Shares at $0.01 per share for $10,000.

On December 18, 2015, the Company voided the October 27, 2015 Consulting
Agreement at the request of the Consultant. The original stock certificate was
retired by the Company's transfer agent on May 16, 2016.

6. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, $95,859 and $599,287 respectively is due to
Company officers for unpaid expenses and fees.

On March 5, 2013, the Company borrowed $4,850 in a non-interest bearing loan
from a firm controlled by the Chairman of the Board.

                                       23
 
                                  SNOOGOO CORP.
                        (formerly Casey Container Corp.)
                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                           December 31, 2015 and 2014

6. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

On October 1, 2013, a previously classified Related Party whom the Company owes
$22,000 in a non-interest bearing loan is no longer deemed a Related Party (see
Note 9 "Non-Interest Bearing Loans"), since the party ceased to be involved in
any and all of the Company's business affairs.

On January 31, 2014, the Chairman signed a Debt Settlement Agreement, converting
$50,000, respectively of unpaid expenses and loans into 1,250,000 Restricted
Common shares (see Note 5 Stockholders' Equity") at $0.04 per share.

On November 17, 2014, the Chairman assumed an interest-bearing loan of
$28,647.08 from a Non-Related Party.

January 6, 2015, the Company entered into a Debt Settlement Agreement with its
Chairman, whereby the Company issued 20 million shares of its Restricted Common
shares at $0.01 per share, in exchange for $200,000 of debt by the Company.

January 27, 2015, the Company entered into a Debt Settlement Agreement with its
CEO, President and CFO, whereby the Company issued 6.5 million Restricted Common
shares at $0.03 per share, the closing price of its freely-traded shares being
$0.025, in exchange for $195,000 of accounts payable owed by the Company.

On April 21, 2015, the Company issued 1,100,000 Restricted Common shares at
$0.03 per share, pursuant to a Debt
Settlement Agreement with Aruba Capital Management, Inc., a related-party, in
exchange for $33,000 of accounts payable owed by the Company for expenses paid
on its behalf.

The amounts of all expenses paid on behalf of the Company by Officers/Directors
and non-interest bearing loans outstanding at December 31, 2015 and December 31,
2014, respectively, are to Related Parties and are all unsecured.

                                                 December 31,      December 31,
                                                    2015              2014
                                                  --------          --------

Unpaid expenses and fees to Officers/Directors    $ 95,859          $599,287
                                                  --------          --------
Non-interest and interest bearing loans to
 Related Parties:
   Chairman Of Board and Officer                  $     --          $ 33,800
                                                  ========          ========

7. STOCK OPTIONS

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company does not have any stock options
outstanding, nor does it have any written or verbal agreements for the issuance
or distribution of stock options at any point in the future.

8. ADVERTISING

The Company expenses its advertising, which includes investor relations
services, as General and Administrative expenses, as incurred. The Company
incurred $ 3,874 and $6,425 as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

                                       24
 
                                  SNOOGOO CORP.
                        (formerly Casey Container Corp.)
                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                           December 31, 2015 and 2014

9.  NON-INTEREST BEARING LOANS

On January 28, 2011 and February 3, 2012, Auspice Capital, a former related
party loaned the Company $27,000 in non-interest bearing loans of which $22,000
are outstanding as of December 31, 2015 and 2014.

The amounts of all non-interest bearing loans outstanding at December 31, 2015
and December 31, 2014, respectively are unsecured (see Note 6, "Related Party
Transactions") follows:

                                                 December 31,      December 31,
                                                    2015              2014
                                                  --------          --------
Non-interest bearing to Loans:
  Non-Officer/Director                            $ 22,000          $ 22,000
  Chairman Of Board and Officer                         --             4,850
                                                  --------          --------
      Total                                       $ 22,000          $ 26,850
                                                  ========          ========

10.  INTEREST BEARING LOANS

On August 12 and 19, 2011, a nonrelated party loaned the Company $15,000, in an
interest bearing Promissory Note at 8% per annum and a one-time financing fee of
$9,900. The loan, one-time financing fee and unpaid accrued interest is due upon
the Company's receipt of equity capital from an investor group. The full amounts
are unsecured and not in default. See item November 17, 2014 below.

On August 27, 2012, the Company borrowed $40,000 in a ninety-day non-interest
bearing Promissory Note and a one-time financing fee of $10,000, which was
expensed, from a non-related party. The loans, one-time financing fees and
accrued interest is due upon the Company's receipt of equity capital from an
investor group. The loan is unsecured and has a maturity date of December 31,
2013. The Company has not raised equity capital from any investor group.

On November 17, 2014, a company controlled by the Chairman assumed an
interest-bearing loan, with principal and cumulative accrued interest totaling
$28,647.08 from a Non-Related Party (see Note 6 "Related Party Transactions).

The amounts of all interest bearing loans outstanding at December 31, 2015 and
2014, respectively, are not in default, are not secured and accrued interest has
been recorded in the respective years, follows:

                                                  December 31,      December 31,
                                                     2015              2014
                                                   --------          --------

Interest bearing to Related and
Non-Related Parties:
  Related Party - principal                        $     --          $ 24,900
                cumulative interest accrued              --             4,049
  Non-Related Party - principal                      50,000            50,000
                    cumulative interest accrued       9,863             4,931
                                                   --------          --------
      Total                                        $ 59,863          $ 83,881
                                                   ========          ========

                                       25
 
                                  SNOOGOO CORP.
                        (formerly Casey Container Corp.)
                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                           December 31, 2015 and 2014

11. ARUBA BRANDS CORP. STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

On September 18, 2013, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement
("Agreement") with Aruba Brands Corp ("Aruba"), whereby Aruba would acquire for
$1.5 million, 19.9% in Restricted Common shares, based upon the total of the
Company's issued and outstanding shares upon completion of the funding of this
Agreement. The Company filed a Form 8-K with the SEC on September 24, 2013. No
funding occurred as of December 31, 2014 and the Company deems the transaction
terminated.

12. STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

On April 3, 2014, the Company approved and signed a Stock Purchase Agreement
dated March 24, 2014 with an investor group for a total amount of $10 million.
For $5 million of the total, the investor will receive Restricted Common shares
equal to forty percent (40%) of the total number of Common shares issued and
outstanding on the date of funding and the investor would loan the Company $5
million at 6%, to be paid over a period of years, with a payment grace period of
interest and principal until January 1, 2016. The Company filed a Form 8-K with
the SEC on April 14, 2014. No funding was received as of December 31, 2014 and
the Company deems the transaction terminated.

13. ACQUISITION OF INTERNET SEARCH AND SHARE ENGINE

On February 11, 2015, the Company completed an Asset Purchase Agreement to
acquire certain intellectual property associated with a proprietary social
network technology the Company intends to use to launch certain web and mobile
applications targeting the online search, save and share community. As
consideration, the Company has agreed to pay the seller 10% of all future
advertising revenues, collected from its search, save and share website, up to a
maximum of $4 million. (See Note 4).

14.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

On February 1, 2016, the Company initially entered into two Consulting
Agreements for investor relations, corporate image and business strategy and
issued a total of 2,000,000 Restricted Common shares and agreed to a monthly
fee, modified to one Consulting Agreement, for a term of six months with the
monthly fee to be paid upon the Company receiving an infusion of capital not
expected until the fourth quarter.

On May 25, 2016, the Board Of Directors approved the issuance of up to
20,000,000 Restricted Common shares at $0.01 per share ($200,000) plus
participation in a Revenue Sharing Agreement of $0.02 for each $1.00 of
advertising revenue the Company receives for a period of thirty-six months after
the effective date as defined in the Revenue Sharing Agreement. The payment of
the Revenue Sharing is earned on a pro-rata basis, based on the portion each
investor makes towards the $200,000 total investment. Based on the full $200,000
being received from investors, if an investor invests $20,000 (10% of the
$200,000 total investment), such investor will receive 10% of $0.02 ($0.002) for
each dollar of advertising revenue the Company receives over the thirty-six
month period. The following five (5) investments have been received by the
Company pursuant to the Investment and Revenue Sharing Agreement Document:

1. On July 26, 2016, the Company received an investment of $37,500 and issued
3,750,000 Restricted Common shares at $0.01 per share. The certificate was
issued on August 30, 2016.

                                       26
 
                                  SNOOGOO CORP.
                        (formerly Casey Container Corp.)
                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                           December 31, 2015 and 2014

14. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (continued)

2. On August 5, 2016, the Company received two investments - one for $15,000,
one for $36,000 and issued 1,500,000 and 3,600,000 Restricted Common shares
respectively at $0.01 per share on August 30, 2016.

3. On September 5, 2016, the Company received an investment of $3,750 and issued
375,000 Restricted Common shares at $0.01 per share on September 9, 2016.

4. On September 20, 2016, the Company received an investment of $20,000 and
issued 2,000,000 Restricted Common shares at $0.01 per share. The certificate
was issued on October 19, 2016.

5. On September 28, 2016, the Company received an investment of $10,000 and
issued 1,000,000 Restricted Common shares at $0.01 per share. The certificate
was issued on October 19, 2016.

On August 31, 2016, the Company signed a Debt Settlement Agreement with a
non-related party issuing 2,000,000 Restricted Common shares at $0.01 per share
on September 6, 2016, in exchange for $20,000 of payables owed to the recipient.

On August 31, 2016, the Company signed a Debt Settlement Agreement with a
non-related party issuing 3,000,000 Restricted Common shares at $0.01 per share
on September 6, 2016, in exchange for $30,000 of payables owed to the recipient.

On September 1, 2016, the Company signed a Consulting Agreement and issued
4,000,000 Restricted Common shares at $0.01 per share on September 6, 2016.

On September 6, 2016, the Company signed a Debt Settlement Agreement with a
non-related party issuing 2,400,000 Restricted Common shares at $0.01 per share.
The certificate was issued on October 19, 2016.

                                       27
 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our principal executive officer and the principal financial officer (our
President), we have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as of the
end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded as of the
evaluation date that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
and that such material information required to be included in our Securities and
Exchange Commission reports is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive and financial officer, recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and
Exchange Commission rules and forms relating to our company, particularly during
the period when this report was being prepared.

MANAGEMENT'S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our principal executive officer and the principal financial officer (our
President), we have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the
period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded as of the evaluation date that
our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective and that such material
information required to be included in our Securities and Exchange Commission
reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
principal executive and financial officer, recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission
rules and forms relating to our company, particularly during the period when
this report was being prepared.

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, for the company.

Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of its management and directors; and (3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.

Management recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness
of any system of internal control, and accordingly, even effective internal
control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
statement preparation and may not prevent or detect material misstatements. In
addition, effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective
in future periods because of changes in conditions or due to deterioration in
the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures. A
material weakness is a significant deficiency, or combination of significant
deficiencies, that results in there being a more than remote likelihood that a
material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be
prevented or detected.

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting and has identified the following material weaknesses:

INSUFFICIENT RESOURCES: We have an inadequate number of personnel with requisite
expertise in various key functional areas needed for the development of the
Company.

                                       28
 
INADEQUATE SEGREGATION OF DUTIES: We have an inadequate number of personnel to
properly implement control procedures.

AUDIT COMMITTEE & OUTSIDE DIRECTORS ON THE COMPANY'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
We have a functioning audit committee of outside directors on our board of
directors, resulting in effective oversight in the establishment and monitoring
of required internal controls and procedures.

Management is committed to improving its internal controls and will (1) continue
to use third party specialists to address shortfalls in staffing and to assist
the Company with accounting and finance responsibilities, (2) increase the
frequency of independent reconciliations of significant accounts which will
mitigate the lack of segregation of duties until there are sufficient personnel
and (3) may consider appointing outside directors and audit committee members in
the future.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the last fiscal quarter for our fiscal year ended December 31,
2015 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

None

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

The directors and officers of Snoogoo Corp., whose one year term will expire
01/12/16 or at such a time as their successor(s) shall be elected and qualified
are as follows:

 Name              Age      Position           Date First Elected   Term Expires
 ----              ---      --------           ------------------   ------------
Terry W Neild       75    Chairman, President   1/12/10 (Appointed)    01/12/17
                          & Secretary

Martin Nason        71    Interim CFO           1/31/14 (Appointed)    01/12/17

Richard Truelick    75    Director              4/17/13 (Appointed)    01/12/17

Dr. Scott Campbell  56    Director              4/17/13 (Appointed)    01/12/17

Directors are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and
until their successor has been elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to
serve until the meeting of the board of directors following the next annual
meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and
qualified. No executive officer or director of the corporation has been the
subject of any order, judgment, or decree of any court of competent
jurisdiction, or any regulatory agency permanently or temporarily enjoining,
barring, suspending or otherwise limiting him or her from acting as an
investment advisor, underwriter, broker or dealer in the securities industry, or
as an affiliated person, director or employee of an investment company, bank,
savings and loan association, or insurance company or from engaging in or
continuing any conduct or practice in connection with any such activity or in
connection with the purchase or sale of any securities. No executive officer or
director of the corporation has been convicted in any criminal proceeding
(excluding traffic violations) or is the subject of a criminal proceeding which
is currently pending.

RESUMES

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS

Mr. James Casey, Mr. Terry Neild and Mr. Robert Seaman were appointed as
Directors of the Company in 2010. Mr. Casey filled the position of President,

                                       29
 
Mr. Terry Neild, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
and Mr. Seaman is the Vice- President-Operations. Subsequent to December 31,
2010 both Mr. Neild and Mr. Casey resigned from their positions and Martin R
Nason was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and
President. Mr. Neild remains Chairman of the Board and Mr. Casey was appointed
Executive Vice-President of Technical Services and remains a director. On April
17th, 2013 the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Richard Truelick and Dr. Scott
Campbell to the Board of Directors. On January 31, 2014 Mr. Seaman stepped down
as a Director and was replaced by Mr. Nason. Mr. Seaman remains Vice-
President-Operations. On January 20, 2015, the Board of Directors accepted the
resignations of James T. Casey and Martin R. Nason from their seats on the Board
of Directors. Mr. Casey also resigned as Executive Vice-President of Technical
Services. Martin R. Nason remained the Company's President CEO and CFO.

Mr. Martin Nason, age 71, has over 35 years experience as a Chief Financial
Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Executive Officer with financial,
operating, strategic, planning, manufacturing, marketing, and distribution
experience, mostly with high growth domestic and international private and
publically-owned companies. Mr. Nason was founder and former Director of a
California Regional Bank and was Senior Executive Vice-President and Chief
Operating Officer of Vidal Sassoon, Inc., a $165 million international hair care
and cosmetics company sold in 1983 to Richardson-Vicks, Inc., now a division of
Proctor and Gamble. He was Chief Financial Officer of WCT Communications, a
switch-based long distance company which grew to $150 million in sales and was
sold to Frontier Corp. (formerly Rochester Telephone) in 1995. Mr. Nason has
taken several companies public and consulted for a variety of consumer products
companies.

Mr. Terry Neild, age 75, was previously President and CEO of Clearly Canadian
Beverage Corporation and Jolt Beverages Corporation, both successful retail
specialty beverage and bottled water companies. Throughout his 35-year career as
a business leader and innovator, Mr. Neild has built a depth of proven
entrepreneurial skills in a variety of industries. He has guided the development
of several start-up companies; bringing them to a substantial success. Mr.
Neild, who is a Certified Management Accountant, has held senior financial
positions in Fortune 500 companies.

Mr. Truelick, age 75, is a certified CPA who is the President and founder of
Truelick Associates, an Independent Merger Intermediary and Investor. Mr.
Truelick's experience includes performing financial analysis, research, and
transaction negotiations with an emphasis on mergers and acquisitions. Over the
past forty years Mr. Truelick has consummated over a hundred transactions
involving mergers, acquisitions, and related business agreements.

Dr. Campbell, age 56,is the President & founder of Campbell and Company
Financial Group, Inc. ("CCFG") a full-service accounting firm with its primary
focus on the hospitality industry. Over the past 25 years CCFG Inc. has
developed proprietary financial models specifically designed for the
restaurant/bar industry. In addition to private accounting CCFG Inc. prepares
filings for many public companies and serves as an Officer and Director of some.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

30

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR END

                                      Option Awards                                             Stock Awards
          -----------------------------------------------------------------   -------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                        Equity
                                                                                                                       Incentive
                                                                                                           Equity        Plan
                                                                                                          Incentive     Awards:
                                                                                                            Plan       Market or
                                                                                                           Awards:       Payout
                                              Equity                                                      Number of     Value of
                                             Incentive                             Number                  Unearned     Unearned
                                             Plan Awards;                           of          Market      Shares,     Shares,
               Number of      Number of      Number of                            Shares      Value of    Units or      Units or
               Securities     Securities     Securities                           or Units    Shares or     Other         Other
               Underlying     Underlying     Underlying                           of Stock     Units of     Rights       Rights
               Unexercised    Unexercised    Unexercised   Option      Option       That      Stock That     That         That
               Options (#)    Options (#)     Unearned     Exercise  Expiration   Have Not     Have Not    Have Not     Have Not
Name           Exercisable   Unexercisable   Options (#)    Price       Date      Vested(#)     Vested      Vested       Vested
----           -----------   -------------   -----------    -----       ----      ---------     ------      ------       ------
                                                                                                      
Terry Neild         0              0              0           0           0           0            0           0            0

Martin Nason        0              0              0           0           0           0            0           0            0

Richard Truelick    0              0              0           0           0           0            0           0            0

Dr. Scott Campbell  0              0              0           0           0           0            0           0            0

                              DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

                                                                     Change in
                                                                      Pension
                                                                     Value and
                   Fees                            Non-Equity       Nonqualified
                  Earned                            Incentive        Deferred
                 Paid in      Stock     Option        Plan         Compensation     All Other
    Name           Cash      Awards     Awards     Compensation      Earnings      Compensation     Total
    ----           ----      ------     ------     ------------      --------      ------------     -----

Terry Neild         0         0           0            0                0               0            0

Martin Nason        0         0           0            0                0               0            0

Richard Truelick    0         0           0            0                0               0            0

Dr. Scott Campbell  0         0           0            0                0               0            0

The current Board of Directors is comprised of Mr. Terry Neild, who was
appointed on January 6, 2010, and Mr. Richard Truelick and Dr. Scott Campbell,
who were appointed as Directors of the Company on April 17, 2013. Mr. Terry
Neild is the Chairman of the Board of Directors.

There are no annuity, pension or retirement benefits proposed to be paid to
officers, directors or employees in the event of retirement at normal retirement
date pursuant to any presently existing plan provided or contributed to by the
company or any of its subsidiaries, if any.

                                       31
 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The following table sets forth information on the ownership of Snoogoos' voting
securities by officers, directors and major shareholders as well as those who
own beneficially more than five percent of our common stock as of the date of
this report:

        Name and Address                    No. of            Percentage
      of Beneficial Owner (1)               Shares           of Ownership:
      -----------------------               ------           -------------

Terry W Neild - Director                   28,273,379              15%
7165 E Balford Road
Paradise Valley, AZ 85253

Martin R Nason - Officer                   21,218,000              11%
7825 N Calle Caballeros
Paradise Valley, AZ 85253

Richard Truelick                            2,315,000              1.2%
12461 North 138th Place
Scottsdale, AZ 85259

Dr. Scott Campbell                          2,550,000              1.3%
7702 East Doubletree Ranch Rd #300
Scottsdale, AZ 85258

----------
(1)  The persons named above may be deemed to be a "parent" and "promoter" of
     the Company, within the meaning of such terms under the Securities Act of
     1933, as amended, by virtue of their direct holdings in the Company.

   Name and Address
 of Beneficial Owner (1)
 of more that 5% of our                     No. of            Percentage
     Common Stock                           Shares           of Ownership
     ------------                           ------           ------------

Terry W Neild                              28,273,379             15%
7165 E Balford Road
Paradise Valley, AZ 85253

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The principal executive office and telephone number are provided by Mr. Terry
Neild, Chairman of the corporation, on a rent-free basis. Mr. Neild will also
not receive any interest on any funds that he may advance to us for operating
expenses.

Terry W. Neild, Chairman of the Board of Directors, made several non-interest
bearing cash loans totaling $103,400 and for expenses incurred of $76,000 to the
Company during the year 2010. On December 30, 2010, Mr. Neild exchanged these
non-interest bearing cash loans and outstanding expenses incurred on behalf of
the Company for 717,600 Restricted Common shares, at $0.25 per share, the
closing price of the Company's Common shares on the date of conversion. On May
21 and 30, 2012, Mr. Neild loaned the Company $12,000 and $38,250, respectively,
in a non-interest bearing loans. On June 24th, 2013 Mr. Neild converted $90,020
owed to him into 1,500,333 shares of the Company's restricted common stock. On
October 25th, 2013 Mr. Neild converted $78,000 owed to him into 1,300,000 shares
of the Company's restricted common stock. On January 6, 2015, Mr. Neild entered
into a Debt Settlement Agreement to exchange $200,000 of debt owned to him by
the Company for twenty 20 million Restricted Common shares.

Martin R Nason, President and Chief Executive Officer, made several non-interest
bearing cash loans totaling $8,100. On February 10, 2012, Mr. Nason loaned
$7,000 in a non-interest bearing loan, which was repaid on February 13, 2012. On
February 22, 2012, Mr. Nason loaned $1,100 in a non-interest bearing loan, which
was repaid on April 25 and May 17, 2012. On June 24th, 2013 Mr. Nason converted

                                       32
 
$510,000 owed to him into 8,500,000 shares of the Company's restricted common
stock. On September 26th, 2013 Mr. Nason converted $18,000 owed to him into
300,000 shares of the Company's restricted common stock. On October 25th, 2013
Mr. Nason converted $200,000 owed to him into 5,000,000 shares of the Company's
restricted common stock. On December 17th, 2013 Mr. Nason converted $150,000
owed to him into 2,500,000 shares of the Company's restricted common stock.
These conversions were for expenses paid and by Mr. Nason on behalf of the
Company over a period from 2010 thru 2013. On January 27, 2015 Mr. Nason entered
into a Debt Settlement Agreement to exchange $195,000 of debt owed to him by the
Company for 6,500,000 Restricted Common shares.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The total fees charged to the company for audit services were $5,000 for
audit-related services during the year ending December 31, 2015.

The total fees charged to the company for audit services were $4,750 for
audit-related services during the year ended December 31, 2014.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS

Exhibit               Description                                             Method of Filing
 -------               -----------                                             ----------------
                                                               
   3.1        Articles of Incorporation                          Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to
                                                                 the Company's Registration Statement on Form
                                                                 SB-2 filed with the SEC on February 5, 2007.

   3.2        Bylaws                                             Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to
                                                                 the Company's Registration Statement on Form
                                                                 SB-2 filed with the SEC on February 5, 2007.

   31.1       Certification of Chief Executive                   Filed electronically
              Officer pursuant to Section 302
              of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

   31.2       Certification of Chief Financial                   Filed electronically
              Officer pursuant to Section 302
              of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

   32.1       Certification of Chief Executive                   Filed electronically
              Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
              as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
              Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

   32.2       Certification of Chief Financial                   Filed electronically
              Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
              as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
              Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

  101        Interactive Data Piles pursuant to Rule             Filed electronically
             405 of Regulation S-T.

33
 
                                   SIGNATURES

In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the
registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe it meets all of
the requirements for filing Form 10-K and authorized this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, in the city of Paradise Valley, AZ, on December
7, 2016.

Snoogoo, Corp.

/s/ Martin R Nason
-----------------------------------------
Martin R Nason,
Principal Financial Officer and Principal
Accounting Officer

                                       34

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 31.1

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                                 SECTION 302 OF
                         THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
                    CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

I, Terry W Neild, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Snoogoo, Corp.;

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
     statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
     were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
     report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
     information included in this report, fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
     financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

     a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;
     b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
          such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
          our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
          reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;
     c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
     of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
          reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
     b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
          employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting.

Date: December 7, 2016

/s/ Terry W Neild
------------------------------------
Terry W Neild
Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 31.2

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                                 SECTION 302 OF
                         THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
                    CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

I, Martin R Nason, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Snoogoo, Corp.;

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
     statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
     were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
     report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
     information included in this report, fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
     financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

     a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;
     b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
          such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
          our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
          reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;
     c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
     of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
          reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
     b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
          employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting.

Date: December 7, 2016

/s/ Martin R Nason
---------------------------------
Martin R Nason
Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 32.1

                  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                           PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)

In connection with the Annual Report of Snoogoo, Corp. (the "Company") on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Martin R Nason, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as
adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

     (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

     (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
          material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
          of the Company.

/s/ Terry W Neild
------------------------------------
Terry W Neild
Chief Executive Officer
December 7, 2016

This certification accompanies this Report pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by
reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it
by reference.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 32.2

                  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
                           PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)

In connection with the Annual Report of Snoogoo, Corp. (the "Company") on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Martin R Nason, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as
adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

     (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

     (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
          material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
          of the Company.

/s/ Martin R Nason
----------------------------------
Martin R Nason
Chief Financial Officer
December 7, 2016

This certification accompanies this Report pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by
reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it
by reference.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 sgoo-20151231.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sgoo-20151231.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 sgoo-20151231_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sgoo-20151231_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sgoo-20151231_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sgoo-20151231_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

