<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1570279_0001165527-16-000945_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>894800</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>50157</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>76676</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>102357</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>357097</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>292850</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>3</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001165527-16-000945.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121165023
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001165527-16-000945
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		34
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ticket Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001570279
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		IRS NUMBER:				461838178
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55547
		FILM NUMBER:		162010803

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1135 TERMINAL WAY, SUITE 209
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-352-3936

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1135 TERMINAL WAY, SUITE 209
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001165527-16-000945.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 g8329a.txt
 
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-Q

[X] QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934

    FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

                        Commission file number 000-55547

TICKET CORP.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                                     Nevada
         (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

                          1135 Terminal Way, Suite 209
                                 Reno, NV 89502
                           e-mail: info@ticketcorp.com
          (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code.)

                   Telephone (775) 352-3936 Fax (775) 201-8190
                     (Telephone number, including area code)

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. YES [X] NO [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and
posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (ss.232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES [X] NO [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of "large accelerated filer, "accelerated filer,"
"non-accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer [ ]                        Accelerated filer [ ]

Non-accelerated filer [ ]                          Smaller reporting company [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES [ ] NO [X]

State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common
equity, as of the latest practicable date: 48,000,000 shares as of November 17,
2016
 
                          PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                  TICKET CORP.
                                 BALANCE SHEETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

                                       2
 
                                  TICKET CORP.
                            STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                                   (Unaudited)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

                                       3
 
                                  TICKET CORP.
                            STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                   (Unaudited)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

                                       4
 
                                  Ticket Corp.
                          Notes to Financial Statements
                               September 30, 2016
                                   (Unaudited)

NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

Ticket Corp. (the Company) was incorporated under the laws of the State of
Nevada on January 17, 2013. The Company was formed to become a provider of
tickets in the San Francisco Bay Area and a national provider of premium seats
and entrance to concerts, sporting events, theatre and entertainment, including
corporate and group ticketing, special events and promotions worldwide.

The Company is in the development stage. Its activities to date have been
limited to capital formation, organization, development of its business plan and
limited revenue production.

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

BASIS OF ACCOUNTING

The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements of Ticket Corp. (the
"Company") have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission, and should be read in conjunction with the audited
financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company's Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the SEC. In the opinion of
management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments,
necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and the results of
operations for the interim periods presented have been reflected herein. The
results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the
results to be expected for the full year.

On November 1, 2014 the Board of Directors changed the year end of the Company
from January 31 to December 31.

Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to "Ticket," "we," "us,"
"our" or the "company" are to Ticket Corp.

BASIC LOSS PER SHARE

ASC No. 260, "Earnings per Share", specifies the computation, presentation and
disclosure requirements for earnings (loss) per share for entities with publicly
held common stock. The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC No. 260.

Basic net loss per share amounts is computed by dividing the net loss by the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted loss per share is
the same as basic loss per share due to the lack of dilutive items in the
Company.

CASH EQUIVALENTS

The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original
maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

USE OF ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and

                                       5
 
                                  Ticket Corp.
                          Notes to Financial Statements
                               September 30, 2016
                                   (Unaudited)

the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. In accordance with ASC No. 250
all adjustments are normal and recurring.

INCOME TAXES

Income taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740, Accounting for Income
Taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary
differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss
carry-forwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change
during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of
management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of
enactment.

REVENUE

The Company records revenue on the accrual basis when all goods and services
have been performed and delivered, the amounts are readily determinable, and
collection is reasonably assured.

NOTE 3. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUCEMENTS

The Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") periodically issues new
accounting standards in a continuing effort to improve standards of financial
accounting and reporting. The Company has reviewed the recently issued
pronouncements.

On June 10, 2014, The Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915):
Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment
to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, consolidation, which
removes all incremental financial reporting requirements from GAAP for
development stage entities, including the removal of Topic 915 from the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification. For the first annual period beginning after
December 15, 2014, the presentation and disclosure requirements in Topic 915
will no longer be required for the public business entities. The revised
consolidation standards are effective one year later, in annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
adopted the amendment as of fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606)." The new guidance provides new criteria for recognizing revenue to
depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect
the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for
those goods or services. The new guidance requires expanded disclosures to
provide greater insight into both revenue that has been recognized and revenue
that is expected to be recognized in the future from existing contracts.
Quantitative and qualitative information will be provided about the significant
judgments and changes in those judgments that management made to determine the
revenue that is recorded. This accounting standard update, as amended, will be
effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and
interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2019. The new revenue standard may be applied retrospectively to
each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect
recognized as of the date of adoption. Early adoption is permitted, but no

                                       6
 
                                  Ticket Corp.
                          Notes to Financial Statements
                               September 30, 2016
                                   (Unaudited)

earlier than fiscal 2017. The Company is currently assessing the provisions of
the guidance and has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance
on its consolidated financial statements.

On August 27, 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15 to provide guidance regarding
management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about
an entity's ability to continue as a going concern. U.S. auditing standards
require that an auditor evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an
entity's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time
not to exceed one year beyond the date of the financial statements being
audited. However, there is currently no guidance in GAAP about management's
responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's
ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote
disclosures. ASU 2014-15 states that, in connection with preparing financial
statements for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity's management
should evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the
aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue
as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements
are issued. This evaluation is to be based on relevant conditions and events
that are known, or reasonably knowable, at the date the financial statements are
issued or available to be issued. When conditions or events that raise
substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern are
identified, management should consider whether its plans that are intended to
mitigate those relevant conditions or events will alleviate the substantial
doubt. If the substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of management's plans,
the entity should disclose the following:

     1.   Principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the
          entity's ability to continue as a going concern, before consideration
          of management's plans;
     2.   Management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or
          events in relation to the entity's ability to meet its obligations;
          and
     3.   Management's plans that alleviated substantial doubt about the
          entity's ability to continue as a going concern.

If substantial doubt is not alleviated after consideration of management's
plans, an entity should include a statement in the footnotes indicating that
there is substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going
concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued
(or available to be issued). Additionally, the entity should disclose the
following:

     1.   Principal conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the
          entity's ability to continue as a going concern;
     2.   Management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or
          events in relation to the entity's ability to meet its obligations;
          and
     3.   Management's plans that are intended to mitigate the conditions or
          events that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to
          continue as a going concern.

ASU 2014-15 is effective for Ticket Corp. beginning in the year ending December
31, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early
application is permitted and the Company has provided a Going Concern evaluation
in Note 4.

NOTE 4. GOING CONCERN

The accompanying financial statements are presented on a going concern basis.
The Company had limited operations during the period from January 17, 2013 (date
of inception) through September 30, 2016 and a net loss of $196,746, or $0.004
per share. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability

                                       7
 
                                  Ticket Corp.
                          Notes to Financial Statements
                               September 30, 2016
                                   (Unaudited)

to continue as a going concern. Management believes that the Company's current
cash of $13,183 plus anticipated revenues will be sufficient to cover the
expenses they will incur during the next twelve months in a limited operations
scenario. Management believes that by following through with the Company's plan
of operation for the next 12 months that the revenue will increase to a point to
support operations without loans from the officer of the Company.

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The sole officer and two directors of the Company may, in the future, become
involved in other business opportunities as they become available, they may face
a conflict in selecting between the Company and their other business
opportunities. The Company has not formulated a policy for the resolution of
such conflicts.

As of September 30, 2016, $115,100 is owed to Russell Rheingrover, CEO. $100 of
the funds were loaned by him to the Company to open the bank account and is
non-interest bearing with no specific repayment terms.

$35,000 of the funds are the result of a 10% Convertible Note issued on
September 3, 2015. Under the terms of the note the principal sum and interest is
to be repaid to Mr. Rheingrover by September 3, 2016 or is convertible at the
conversion price of $0.05 per common stock share. On September 3, 2016, the
terms of the Note were extended to September 2, 2017. The conversion price was
considered by management to be a fair price.

$25,000 of the funds are the result of a 10% Convertible Note issued on October
5, 2015. Under the terms of the note the principal sum and interest is to be
repaid to Mr. Rheingrover by October 5, 2016 or is convertible at the conversion
price of $0.05 per common stock share. On October 5, 2016, the terms of the Note
were extended to October 4, 2017. The conversion price was considered by
management to be a fair price.

$35,000 of the funds are the result of a 10% Convertible Note issued on April
30, 2016. Under the terms of the note the principal sum and interest is to be
repaid to Mr. Rheingrover by April 30, 2017 or is convertible at the conversion
price of $0.10 per common stock share. The conversion price was considered by
management to be a fair price.

$20,000 of the funds are the result of a 10% Convertible Note issued on
September 8, 2016. Under the terms of the note the principal sum and interest is
to be repaid to Mr. Rheingrover by September 8, 2017 or is convertible at the
conversion price of $0.15 per common stock share. The conversion price was
considered by management to be a fair price.

On December 17, 2014 the Company signed a Promissory Note in the amount of
$240,000 with Russell Rheingrover. The note had an annual interest of 1.00%. The
maturity date of the note was March 13, 2018. The note was associated with an
Assignment Agreement between the Company and Mr. Rheingrover wherein Mr.
Rheingrover assigned all of his rights to the Stadium Builders License Agreement
with the Santa Clara Stadium Authority to purchase and resell tickets to San
Francisco 49er's games with a fair market value of $80,000 per year for three
years. The company had accrued $3,800 in interest on the note as of June 30,
2016. On August 31, 2016 the Assignment Agreement was cancelled due to
non-performance. All accrued interest was also cancelled, resulting in a gain of
$3,800.

                                       8
 
                                  Ticket Corp.
                          Notes to Financial Statements
                               September 30, 2016
                                   (Unaudited)

NOTE 6. STOCK TRANSACTIONS

On January 31, 2013, the Company issued a total of 33,000,000 shares of common
stock to its sole officer Russell Rheingrover for cash in the amount of $0.001
per share for a total of $33,000.

The company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 was declared effective on July
25, 2014. In October 2014 the company sold 15,000,000 shares of common stock to
50 independent shareholders at a price of $0.033 per share for total proceeds of
$49,500, pursuant to the Registration Statement.

As of September 30, 2016 the Company had 48,000,000 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding.

NOTE 7. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

The stockholders' equity section of the Company contains the following classes
of capital stock as of September 30, 2016:

Common stock, $ 0.001 par value: 100,000,000 shares authorized; 48,000,000
shares issued and outstanding.

NOTE 8. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company evaluated all other events or transactions that occurred after
September 30, 2016 up through date the Company issued these financial statements
and found no subsequent event that needed to be reported.

                                       9
 
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

The information contained in this prospectus, including in the documents
incorporated by reference into this prospectus, includes some statements that
are not purely historical and that are "forward-looking statements." Such
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding
our company and management's expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or
strategies regarding the future, including our financial condition, results of
operations, and the expected impact of the offering on the parties' individual
and combined financial performance. In addition, any statements that refer to
projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or
circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking
statements. The words "anticipates," "believes," "continue," "could,"
"estimates," "expects," "intends," "may," "might," "plans," "possible,"
"potential," "predicts," "projects," "seeks," "should," "will," "would" and
similar expressions, or the negatives of such terms, may identify
forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a
statement is not forward-looking.

The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on current
expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and the potential
effects on the parties and the transaction. There can be no assurance that
future developments actually affecting us will be those anticipated. These
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of
which are beyond the parties' control) or other assumptions that may cause
actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015

We generated $27,503 and $31,250 in revenues for the three months ending
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our cost of goods sold was $18,317
and $9,657, resulting in a gross profit of $9,186 and $21,593, respectively. The
difference in the cost of goods sold was due to prevailing ticket prices for
purchase and the market price at which the tickets could be resold. We incurred
operating expenses of $18,886 and $50,218 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These expenses consisted of general operating
expenses, including professional fees, incurred in connection with the day to
day operation of our business and the preparation and filing of our periodic
reports. The difference in the operating expenses was primarily due to
professional fees in 2015 for software development of $31,350. For the three
months ended September 30, 2016 we recorded a gain of $3,800 from the
cancellation of debt associated with Ticket Assignment Agreement. The $3,800 was
the accrued interest on the note.

NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015

We generated $72,493 and $108,000 in revenues for the nine months ending
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our cost of goods sold was $20,309
and $50,514, resulting in a gross profit of $20,309 and $50,514, respectively.
The difference in the revenue and cost of goods sold was due to prevailing

                                       10
 
ticket prices for purchase and the market price at which the tickets could be
resold. We incurred operating expenses of $81,615 and $79,753 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These expenses consisted
of general operating expenses, including professional fees, incurred in
connection with the day to day operation of our business and the preparation and
filing of our periodic reports. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we
recorded a gain of $3,800 from the cancellation of debt associated with Ticket
Assignment Agreement. The $3,800 was the accrued interest on the note.

We received the initial equity funding of $33,000 from our sole officer, Russell
Rheingrover, who purchased 33,000,000 shares of our common stock at $0.001 per
share.

The company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 was declared effective on July
25, 2014. In October 2014 the company sold 15,000,000 shares of common stock to
50 independent shareholders at a price of $0.033 per share for total proceeds of
$49,500, pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Our company had 48,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of
September 30, 2016.

As of September 30, 2016, $115,100 is owed to Russell Rheingrover, CEO. The
following is a breakdown of the funds he has provided to the company:

     a.   $100 of the funds were loaned by him to the company to open the bank
          account and is non-interest bearing with no specific repayment terms.
     b.   $35,000 of the funds are the result of a 10% Convertible Note issued
          on September 3, 2015. Under the terms of the note the principal sum
          and interest is to be repaid to Mr. Rheingrover by September 3, 2016
          or is convertible at the conversion price of $0.05 per common stock
          share. On September 3, 2016, the terms of the Note were extended to
          September 2, 2017.
     c.   $25,000 of the funds are the result of a 10% Convertible Note issued
          on October 5, 2015. Under the terms of the note the principal sum and
          interest is to be repaid to Mr. Rheingrover by October 5, 2016 or is
          convertible at the conversion price of $0.05 per common stock share.
          On October 5, 2016, the terms of the Note were extended to October 4,
          2017.
     d.   $35,000 of the funds are the result of a 10% Convertible Note issued
          on April 30, 2016. Under the terms of the note the principal sum and
          interest is to be repaid to Mr. Rheingrover by April 30, 2017 or is
          convertible at the conversion price of $0.10 per common stock share.
     e.   $20,000 of the funds are the result of a 10% Convertible Note issued
          on September 8, 2016. Under the terms of the note the principal sum
          and interest is to be repaid to Mr. Rheingrover by September 8, 2017
          or is convertible at the conversion price of $0.15 per common stock
          share.

As of September 30, 2016 the company had no accounts receivable and $7,929 in
accounts payable.

                                       11
 
The following table provides selected financial data about our company for the
period ended September 30, 2016. For detailed financial information, see the
financial statements included in this report.

                    Balance Sheet Data:           9/30/2016
                    -------------------           ---------

                    Cash                          $  11,958
                    Total assets                  $  13,183
                    Total liabilities             $ 123,029
                    Stockholder's equity          $(109,846)

We are actively working to advance our business plan. We have generated $355,646
in revenue.

On December 17, 2014 the Company signed a Promissory Note in the amount of
$240,000 with Russell Rheingrover. The note had an annual interest of 1.00%. The
maturity date of the note was March 13, 2018. The note was associated with an
Assignment Agreement between the Company and Mr. Rheingrover wherein Mr.
Rheingrover assigned all of his rights to the Stadium Builders License Agreement
with the Santa Clara Stadium Authority to purchase and resell tickets to San
Francisco 49er's games with a fair market value of $80,000 per year for three
years. The company had accrued $3,800 in interest on the note as of June 30,
2016. On August 31, 2016 the Assignment Agreement was cancelled due to
non-performance. All accrued interest was also cancelled, resulting in a gain of
$3,800.

We are an active development stage business. In order to implement our business
plan, we have completed the following steps to date:

     1.   Purchased our domain name WWW.Ticketcorp.com in January 2013.
     2.   Retained a web designer as of February 2013 who has designed our
          company logo and website, which is currently an active website.
     3.   Built a database extension and electronic file system that allows us
          to store and search customer records. We intend to use this database
          to analyze our customer database to make selected recommendations for
          upcoming events. These were completed in April 2013.
     4.   Completed the design of its Mobile Live Event Application for use on
          iPhone and Android Phone operating systems. This application delivers
          an electronic ticket to customers' phones as well as performer videos,
          news and authentic merchandise. It allows scanners at event sites to
          scan the customers' phones and confirm the customers' valid ticket
          purchases for event entry without paper tickets.
     5.   Developed a feature for selling event merchandise through our Mobile
          Live Event Application. This allows us to send our customers a text
          code that allows them to purchase event merchandise without having to
          stand in line at post event sales booths.
     6.   We retained a U/I (user interface) engineer to implement a "native"
          smart phone interface focused on ease of use and efficient
          fulfillment.
     7.   We have created the product name for our app "Shindig"

                                       12
 
     8.   We have developed a version of the app which is "skinable" in essence
          we can create a specific version of our app for an artist or team with
          the branding of "powered by Shindig.
     9.   We completed the user interface in native smart phone format for both
          iPhones and Android phones
     10.  We are in the final pre-launch testing of the application.
     11.  We are in the final stages of integrating partnerships with authentic
          merchandise providers to ensure available merchandise for live events.
     12.  We have built a partnership with vendor for providing the application
          to NCAA soccer teams and have had initial discussions with Premier
          League Soccer Clubs in the UK.

PLAN OF OPERATION FOR THE NEXT 12 MONTHS

FOURTH QUARTER Q4 2016

Rollout the mobile live event application Shindig.

Release the application on the Apple Store and Android Store allowing for
distribution to the broad consumer audience. This is a major milestone for the
company.

Marketing - Implement a social media and broad media marketing program around
the launch and announcement of Shindig via Instagram. Snap Chat, Facebook and
Twitter. Including news related to key partnership with performers, sports
teams, contests and promotions, the objective being to create brand awareness to
drive downloads of the application.

FIRST QUARTER Q1 2017

Execute on Software Development of Shindig mobile app version 2.0. Integrate the
app within our Website with mirroring features and functionality. Continue to
adapt the application to work with multiple shopping carts allowing for multiple
vendors and suppliers. Continue to build reporting and uploading capabilities
for partners to load merchandise to site.

Continue to sign partners with catalog/legacy merchandise for music and sports.
Execute on existing partnerships to roll out the app with specific sports teams
and performance artists.

Continue to cultivate and develop relationships with live event partners and
tour merchandising organizations in order to have authentic licensed apparel
available through our applications.

Track and monitor order flow, fulfillment and error rate as the application
continue to move towards volume customer access.

                                       13
 
SECOND QUARTER Q2 2017

Execute on partnership with key sports vendor ticket provider to provide
application to NCAA Colleges and Universities Soccer clubs including providing a
customized "skinned" version of the app for each school/club.

Execute on pilot program focused on our ability to deliver merchandise to the
customer directly at their seat. Employ an Artist and Repertoire (A&R) manager
of live events to manage the sub-contractors and ensure successful execution of
merchandise and ticket fulfillment through the mobile app at the live event
venues.

As we become successful in implementing this operational portion of the business
plan and we will continue to produce sales from the app and/or website, we
intend to hire additional staff to handle increased demands, site monitoring,
data entry, and customer support. There may be additional demands placed on the
company for website development and a consequent need to broaden the management
team. Depending on availability of funds and the opportunities available to the
Company, we intend to hire marketing and business development personnel to drive
incremental sales and to expand distribution channels.

THIRD QUARTER Q3 2017

Attend events tour with live event partners and tour merchandising organization
to maximize execution of delivering merchandise at event or deliver to seat for
specific touring band or sports team.

Engage a cross promotional marketing campaign with merchandise partners and
their licensed artists to promote the distribution of the app.

Develop the live event community through news, blogs giveaways and promotion.

Execute on philanthropic marketing by incenting the app community to show
support for various charitable causes by awarding free tickets merchandise and
VIP upgrades to events.

Begin Beta testing of version 2.0 with plans to launch in Q3.

As we become successful in implementing this operational portion of the business
plan and we continue to produce sales from the app or website, we intend to hire
additional staff to handle increased demands, site monitoring, data entry, and
customer support. There may be additional demands placed on the company for
website development and a consequent need to broaden the management team.
Depending on availability of funds and the opportunities available to us, we may
hire marketing personnel to access additional sales and distribution channels.

There is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain a substantial market share
in this industry.

                                       14
 
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Our assets at September 30, 2016 were $13,183 which included $11,958 in cash and
$1,225 in un-deposited funds. Management estimates our current monthly "burn
rate" to be $7,000 and estimate our current cash will last until December 2016,
if no additional revenues are realized.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably
likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in
financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Management maintains "disclosure controls and procedures," as such term is
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
"Exchange Act"), that are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.

In connection with the preparation of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, an
evaluation was carried out by management, with the participation of the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016.

Based on that evaluation, management concluded, as of the end of the period
covered by this report, that our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective in recording, processing, summarizing, and reporting information
required to be disclosed, within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission's rules and forms.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

As of the end of the period covered by this report, there have been no changes
in the internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting subsequent to
the date of management's last evaluation.

                                       15
 
                            PART II OTHER INFORMATION

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Our Company is not involved in any material litigation and we are unaware of any
threatened material litigation. However, the technology industry has been
characterized by extensive litigation regarding trademarks, patents and other
intellectual property rights. In addition, from time to time, we may become
involved in litigation relating to claims arising from the ordinary course of
our business.

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

Not required under Regulation S-K for "smaller reporting companies."

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS

None.

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES

There were no defaults upon senior securities during the period ended September
30, 2016.

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION

None.

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS

The following exhibits are included with this quarterly filing. Those marked
with an asterisk and required to be filed hereunder, are incorporated by
reference and can be found in their entirety in our Registration Statement on
Form S-1, filed under SEC File Number 000-55547, at the SEC website at
www.sec.gov:

Exhibit No.                       Description
-----------                       -----------

    3.1       Articles of Incorporation*
    3.2       Bylaws*
   31.1       Sec. 302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer
   31.2       Sec. 302 Certification of Principal Financial Officer
   32.1       Sec. 906 Certification of Principal Executive Officer
   32.2       Sec. 906 Certification of Principal Financial Officer
   101        Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T

                                       16
 
                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized on this 17th day of November 2016.

                                      Ticket Corp., Registrant

By: /s/ Russell Rheingrover
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Russell Rheingrover, CEO
                                          Principal Executive Officer

By: /s/ Kristi Ann Nelson
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Kristi Ann Nelson
                                          CFO, Principal Financial Officer,
                                          and Principal Accounting Officer

/s/ Russell Rheingrover           Principal Executive Officer            November 17, 2016
---------------------------       ---------------------------            -----------------
Russell Rheingrover                             Title                          Date

/s/ Kristi Ann Nelson             Principal Financial Officer            November 17, 2016
---------------------------       ---------------------------            -----------------
Kristi Ann Nelson                               Title                          Date

/s/ Kristi Ann Nelson             Principal Accounting Officer           November 17, 2016
---------------------------       ----------------------------           -----------------
Kristi Ann Nelson                               Title                          Date

17

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 31.1

                                  CERTIFICATION

I, Russell Rheingrover, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q.

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
     statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
     were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
     report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
     information included in this report, fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
     financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

     a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;
     b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
          such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
          our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
          reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;
     c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of
     directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
          reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
     b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
          employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting.

Date: November 17, 2016

/s/ Russell Rheingrover
----------------------------------------
Russell Rheingrover
President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 31.2

                                  CERTIFICATION

I, Kristi Ann Nelson, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q.

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
     statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
     were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
     report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
     information included in this report, fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
     financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

     a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;
     b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
          such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
          our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
          reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;
     c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of
     directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
          reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
     b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
          employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting.

Date: November 17, 2016

/s/ Kristi Ann Nelson
----------------------------------------
Kristi Ann Nelson
Chief Financial and Accounting Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 32.1

                    CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                       PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ticket Corp. (the "Company") on Form
10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Russell Rheingrover,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350,
as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

     (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

     (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
          material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
          the Company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this certification as of the
17th day of November, 2016.

/s/ Russell Rheingrover
----------------------------------------
Chief Executive Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 32.2

                    CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
                       PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ticket Corp. (the "Company") on Form
10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Kristi Ann Nelson,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350,
as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

     (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

     (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
          material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
          the Company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this certification as of the
17th day of November, 2016.

/s/ Kristi Ann Nelson
----------------------------------------
Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 tick-20160930.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tick-20160930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tick-20160930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tick-20160930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tick-20160930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tick-20160930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

