<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_918545_0000918545-16-000014_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>31989</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>26578</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>272</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>2</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>2</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000918545-16-000014.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121095830
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000918545-16-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BALTIC INTERNATIONAL USA INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000918545
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [9995]
		IRS NUMBER:				760336843
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26558
		FILM NUMBER:		162009272

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6002 ROGERDALE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77072
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7139619299

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6002 ROGERDALE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77072

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000918545-16-000014.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 r10q-0916.txt
 BALTIC 10-Q 9/30/16
 
                  U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                         Washington, D.C.  20549

FORM 10-Q

(Mark One)
[X]   Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
      Exchange Act of 1934
      For Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016.
OR
[  ]  Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
      Exchange Act of 1934
      For the Transition Period From ___________ to ___________.

Commission File Number:  0-26558

                           BALTIC INTERNATIONAL USA, INC.
               (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

       TEXAS                                              76-0336843
(State or other jurisdiction of                         (IRS Employer
incorporation or organization)                        Identification No.)

             6002 Rogerdale Road, Suite 500, Houston, Texas  77072
                   (Address of principal executive offices)

                                 (713) 961-9299
                          (Issuer's telephone number)

Check whether the issuer (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days.     Yes [  ] No [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and
posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the
preceding 12 months.   Yes [  ]  No [  ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, and
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and
"smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
   Large accelerated filer  [  ]          Accelerated filer  [  ]
   Non-accelerated filer  [  ]            Smaller reporting company  [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes [X] No [  ].

Number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock
as of November 20, 2016:  10,975,760 shares.

BALTIC INTERNATIONAL USA, INC.

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                         Page

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1 -  Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)
          Balance Sheets -
           September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015                         3
          Statements of Operations -
           Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015          4
          Statements of Cash Flows -
           Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015                    5
          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                        6

Item 2 -  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
          and Results of Operations                                         8

Item 3 -  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk        9

Item 4 -  Controls and Procedures                                          10

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1 -  Legal Proceedings                                                11

Item 1A - Risk Factors                                                     11

Item 2 -  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds      11

Item 3 -  Defaults Upon Senior Securities                                  11

Item 4 -  Mine Safety Disclosures                                          11

Item 5 -  Other Information                                                11

Item 6 -  Exhibits                                                         11

Signatures                                                                 12

2

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                         BALTIC INTERNATIONAL USA, INC.
                     Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                (unaudited)

                                                  September 30,    December 31,
                                                       2016            2015
ASSETS

CURRENT ASSETS
 Cash and cash equivalents                         $     2,979    $     2,979
                                                   -----------    -----------
    Total current assets                                 2,979          2,979

Reimbursable acquisition costs                          50,000         50,000
                                                   -----------    -----------
    Total assets                                   $    52,979    $    52,979
                                                   ===========    ===========

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT

CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities          $   380,145    $   361,179
 Dividends payable                                   3,035,540      2,917,016
 Short-term debt to officers and directors              69,481         69,481
                                                   -----------    -----------
    Total liabilities                                3,485,166      3,347,676
                                                   -----------    -----------

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT
 Preferred stock:
  Series A, convertible, $10 par value,
   499,930 shares authorized, 123,000 shares
   issued and outstanding                            1,230,000      1,230,000
  Series B, convertible, $10 par value,
   $25,000 stated value, 70 shares authorized,
   14 shares issued and outstanding                    350,000        350,000
 Common stock, $.01 par value, 40,000,000 shares
  authorized, 16,629,229 shares issued and
  10,975,760 shares outstanding                        166,292        166,292
 Additional paid-in capital                         13,019,530     13,019,530
 Accumulated deficit                               (17,393,435)   (17,255,945)
 Treasury stock, at cost                              (804,574)      (804,574)
                                                   -----------    -----------
    Total shareholders' deficit                     (3,432,187)    (3,294,697)
                                                   -----------    -----------
    Total liabilities and shareholders' deficit    $    52,979    $    52,979
                                                   ===========    ===========

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

3

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

4

BALTIC INTERNATIONAL USA, INC.
                     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                (unaudited)

Nine Months Ended September 30,
                                                         2016           2015
Cash flows from operating activities:
 Net loss                                          $   (18,966)   $   (18,939)
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
  net cash flows from operating activities:
  Increase/decrease in current assets and
   current liabilities:
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities             18,966         18,939
                                                   -----------    -----------
     Net cash provided by operating activities               -              -
                                                   -----------    -----------

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                    -              -
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period           2,979          2,979
                                                   -----------    -----------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period           $     2,979    $     2,979
                                                   ===========    ===========

Supplemental disclosures:
Cash paid for interest                             $         -    $         -
Cash paid for income taxes                                   -              -

Noncash investing and financing activities:
 Dividends declared and unpaid on preferred stock  $   118,524    $   118,428

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

5

BALTIC INTERNATIONAL USA, INC.
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                (unaudited)

NOTE 1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION

     The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of
Baltic International USA, Inc. have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules of
the Securities and Exchange Commission, and should be read in conjunction with
the financial statements and notes thereto contained in our Annual Report filed
with the SEC on Form 10-K.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments,
consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation
of financial position and the results of operations for the interim periods
presented have been reflected herein.  The results of operations for interim
periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the
full year.  Notes to the consolidated financial statements which would
substantially duplicate the disclosure contained in the consolidated financial
statements for fiscal 2015 as reported in the Form 10-K have been omitted.

NOTE 2 - FINANCIAL CONDITION

     We have incurred operating losses since inception.  At September 30, 2016,
we had an accumulated deficit of $17,393,435 and current assets and current
liabilities of $2,979 and $3,485,166, respectively, resulting in a working
capital deficit of $3,482,187.  Net cash used in operating activities was $0 in
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $0 in nine months ended
September 30, 2015.  We currently have limited cash resources available and
have obligations due or past due.

     Management believes that we will be able to achieve a satisfactory level
of liquidity to meets its business plan and capital needs through December 31,
2016.  Additionally, management believes we have the ability to obtain
additional financing from key officers, directors and certain investors.
Management also believes that we can continue to defer certain amounts payable
by us that are either currently payable or past due.  However, there can be no
assurance we will be successful to meet its liquidity needs.

6

NOTE 3 - LOSS PER COMMON SHARE

     Stock warrants and options are considered to be dilutive for earnings per
share purposes if the average market price during the period exceeds the
exercise price and we had earnings for the period.  For the periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, all stock warrants and options are considered
anti-dilutive.  Supplemental disclosures for loss per share are as follows:

7

BALTIC INTERNATIONAL USA, INC.

Item 2.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
         RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     The following discussions contain forward-looking information.  Readers
are cautioned that such information involves risks and uncertainties, including
those created by general market conditions, competition and the possibility of
events may occur which limit our ability to maintain or improve its operating
results or execute its primary growth strategy.  Although we believe that the
assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of
the assumptions could be inaccurate, and there can therefore be no assurance
that the forward-looking statements included herein will prove to be accurate.
The inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by
us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved.

Current Plan of Operations

     Our current business objective for the next 12 months is to investigate
and, if such investigation warrants, acquire a target company or business
seeking the perceived advantages of being a publicly held corporation.  Our
principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond will be to
achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with a business rather
than immediate, short-term earnings.  We will not restrict our potential
candidate target companies to any specific business, industry or geographical
location and, thus, may acquire any type of business.

     We do not currently engage in any business activities that provide us with
positive cash flows.  As such, the costs of investigating and analyzing
business combinations for the next approximately 12 months and beyond will be
paid with our current cash on hand and through funds from financing to be
obtained.

     During the next 12 months, we anticipate incurring costs related to filing
of Exchange Act reports and costs relating to consummating an acquisition.

     We believe we will be able to meet these costs with our current cash on
hand and additional amounts, as necessary, to be loaned to or invested in us by
our stockholders or other investors.

     We may consider a business which has recently commenced operations, is a
developing company in need of additional funds for expansion into new products
or markets, is seeking to develop a new product or service, or is an
established business which may be experiencing financial or operating
difficulties and is in need of additional capital.  In the alternative, a
business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company
which does not need substantial additional capital, but which desires to
establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding, among other
things, the time delays, significant expense, and loss of voting control which
may occur in a public offering.

     Any target business that is selected may be a financially unstable company
or an entity in its early stages of development or growth, including entities
without established records of sales or earnings.  In that event, we will be
subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of
financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies.
In addition, we may effect a business combination with an entity in an industry
characterized by a high level of risk, and, although our management will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, there
can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risks.

8

We anticipate that the selection of a business combination will be complex
and extremely risky.  Because of general economic conditions, rapid
technological advances being made in some industries and shortages of available
capital, our management believes that there are numerous firms seeking even the
limited additional capital which we will have and/or the perceived benefits of
becoming a publicly traded corporation.  Such perceived benefits of becoming a
publicly traded corporation include, among other things, facilitating or
improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be obtained,
providing liquidity for the principals of and investors in a business, creating
a means for providing incentive stock options or similar benefits to key
employees, and offering greater flexibility in structuring acquisitions, joint
ventures and the like through the issuance of stock.  Potentially available
business combinations may occur in many different industries and at various
stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative
investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult
and complex.

Quality Resource Technologies

     In October 2010, we acquired 10% ownership of Quality Resource
Technologies, Inc.  Quality Resource Technologies is to develop, manufacture
and sell innovative light-weight fiber reinforced shipping container and
storage units.  We had announced a spin-off of our interest in Quality Resource
Technologies, Inc. to our shareholders.  However, we cancelled the spin-off and
continue to own an interest in Quality Resource Technologies, Inc.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

     We had $2,979 in cash at September 30, 2016, compared to $2,979 at
December 31, 2015.

     At September 30, 2016, we had working capital deficit of $3,482,187 as
compared to $3,436,275 at December 31, 2015.  The increase in the working
capital deficit is due primarily to the accrual of additional liabilities.

     Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was $0 as compared to $0 for the same period of 2015.

     We have incurred operating losses since inception.  At September 30, 2016,
we had an accumulated deficit of $17,393,435 and current assets and current
liabilities of $2,979 and $3,485,166, respectively, resulting in a working
capital deficit of $3,482,187.  We currently have limited cash resources
available and have obligations due or past due.

Item 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     There has been no material change in our market risks since the end of the
fiscal year 2015.

9

Item 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

     Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, after evaluating
the effectiveness of our "disclosure controls and procedures" (as defined in
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the
end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, has concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide
reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and
Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure.

     There were no significant changes in our internal control over financial
reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or
were reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Internal Control

     Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
or our internal control over financial reporting will necessarily prevent all
fraud and material errors.  An internal control system, no matter how well
conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met.  Further, the design of a
control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and
the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.  Because
of the inherent limitations on all internal control systems, no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.  These inherent
limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be
faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.
Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some
persons, by collusion of two or more people, and/or by management's override of
the controls.  The design of any system of internal control is also based in
part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there
can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals
under all potential future conditions.  Over time, controls may become
inadequate because of changes in circumstances, and/or the degree of compliance
with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.  Because of the inherent
limitations in a cost-effective internal control system, financial reporting
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected on a timely
basis.

10

BALTIC INTERNATIONAL USA, INC.

                            PART II - OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS, None

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS, Not Required

Item 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS, None

Item 3.  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES, None

Item 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES, Not Applicable

Item 5.  OTHER INFORMATION, None

Item 6.  EXHIBITS:

     31     Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
            of 2002

     32     Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
            of 2002

11

BALTIC INTERNATIONAL USA, INC.

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

BALTIC INTERNATIONAL USA, INC.
                                  (Registrant)

Date:  November 21, 2016                  By:  /s/ David A. Grossman
     ----------------------                  -------------------------------
                                             David A. Grossman
                                             Chief Executive Officer,
                                              Chief Financial Officer and
                                              Corporate Secretary

12

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31-0916.txt
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION
 
Exhibit 31

                 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER

I, David A. Grossman, certify that:

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Baltic International
USA, Inc.;

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.  As the registrant's sole certifying officer, I am responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

     a.  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
         disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
         supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
         registrant business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
         is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
         during the period in which this report is being prepared;

     b.  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
         such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
         our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
         reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
         statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
         accounting principles;

     c.  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
         and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
         effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
         of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

     d.  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
         control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
         most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
         the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
         reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
         control over financial reporting; and

5.  As the registrant's sole certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     a.  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
         operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
         reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
         record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

     b.  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
         employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
         controls over financial reporting.

Date:  November 21, 2016

By:  /s/ David A. Grossman
     -----------------------
     David A. Grossman
     Chief Executive Officer and
       Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32-0916.txt
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION
 
Exhibit 32

               CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

     In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Baltic
International USA, Inc. (the "Company") for the period ended September 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
"Report"), I, David A. Grossman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting
Officer of the Company), certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

  (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
       15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

  (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
       respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
       Company.

Date:  November 21, 2016

                              /s/ David A. Grossman
                              -------------------------------------------------
                              David A. Grossman
                              Chief Executive Officer and
                                Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32>

