<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161214_10-K_edgar_data_1459287_0001459287-16-000019_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>798042</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>75234</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>69394</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>69051</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>302133</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>277723</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>0</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001459287-16-000019.hdr.sgml : 20161214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161214154701
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001459287-16-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Essense Water, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001459287
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-162824
		FILM NUMBER:		162051090

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4327 S PITTSBURG
		CITY:			SPOKANE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		509-448-4946

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4327 S PITTSBURG
		CITY:			SPOKANE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99203

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001459287-16-000019.txt : 20161214

10-K
 1
 satusa10k8.31.2016.txt
 
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K
                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                       THE SECURUTIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                  For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016

                        Commission file number 333-162824

                               SATUSA CORPORATION
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

        Nevada                                             27-0265042
(State or Other Jurisdiction of                         (I.R.S. Employer
 Incorporation or Organization)                         Identification No.)

                               5348 Vegas Drive
                              Las Vegas, NV 89108
                                (509)995-2433
               (Address of Principal Executive Offices & Zip Code)

                             Mr. Jeffrey Nichols, Esq
                               SATUSA CORPORATION
                                 811 6th Avenue
                               Lewiston, ID 83501
                                 (415)314-9088
            (Name, Address and Telephone Number of Agent for Service)

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                      None

           Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:
                          Common Stock, $.0001 par value

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No [X]

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes [ ] No [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
(ss.232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes [ ] No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
Company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated
filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one):

Large accelerated filer [ ]                    Accelerated filer [ ]
Non-accelerated filer   [ ]                    Smaller reporting company [X]
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [X] No [ ]

As of August 31, 2016 the registrant had 12,400,000 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding. No market value has been computed based upon the fact
that no active trading market had been established as of August 31, 2016.

-2-
 
                                SATUSA CORPORATION
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                     Page No.
                                                                     --------
                                     Part I

Item 1.  Business                                                         4
Item 1A. Risk Factors                                                     8
Item 2.  Properties                                                       9
Item 3.  Legal Proceedings                                                9
Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Securities Holders            9

                                 Part II

Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder
           Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities             10
Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
           and Results of Operations                                     10
Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                     13
Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
           and Financial Disclosure                                      24
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures                                         24

                                Part III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers                                27
Item 11. Executive Compensation                                          29
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
           and Related Stockholder Matters                               30
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                  30
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services                          31

                                 Part IV

Item 15. Exhibits                                                        31

Signatures                                                               31

-3-
 
                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

SATUSA CORPORATION ("SATUSA," the "Company," "we," "us,") - formerly Essense
Water, Inc. - is presently seeking to develop, market, and operate an SAT-
exam preparatory program. The SAT exam is a widely-used, standardized test
for college admissions in the U.S.

The Company has been developing its proprietary teaching methods and
techniques and has been correlating them to work together with and enhance
student scores on the recently revised SAT exam, which are owned and
published by the College Board, a private not-for-profit corporation.

We are presently operating our program within the Spokane, WA area, and will
continue to expand there. However, our main goal is to market and promote our
prep course to others looking to utilize these resources.

GENERAL INFORMATION

Industry Overview

In North America, private tutoring and test preparation grew to a $20 billion
industry in 2014, up from $7 billion in 2006 (according to Global Industry
Analysts, Inc., a forecasting firm based in San Jose, CA). These North
American revenues are projected to reach $17.5 billion in 2020.

Similarly, global test prep and tutoring generated $114 billion in revenues
in 2014, up from $59 billion in 2006. By 2020, these revenues are forecasted
to reach $200 billion.

This tremendous increase in demand has been fueled by the desire of parents
to see their children gain an edge in the classroom and the very competitive
nature of college admissions.

The SAT exam has been the "standard" for college admissions since the 1920's.
Two years ago, College Board announced that it was making sweeping changes to
the actual test, causing increased anxieties for college-bound high school
students and their parents.

Debuted in March of 2016, the revised SAT exam is the culmination of over two
years of effort by College Board. Designing the new exam to be even "more
demanding" and to "better test students on what they will probably encounter
in college" has meant greater demand for tutoring/prep within the industry
and presented an opportunity to design and align the Company's new curriculum
in a way that provides a far-reaching business opportunity.

-4-
 
Our Product

The founder of the Company has previously designed and taught an SAT prep
class for many years to local area students. In doing so, he has learned what
works and what does not, and has been refining his program accordingly. With
the new SAT test becoming the new standard in early 2016, he saw the
opportunity to rewrite his present curricula, and revise his teaching
materials and practice tests in a way that would allow the Company to not
only expand within its own geographic area but, more importantly, allow them
to expand the program, through franchise or partnership or other means, to
areas throughout the U.S. and possibly other countries.

Our Primary Markets

The Company is targeting high school students and their parents that are
seeking to increase student scores on the SAT exam. Increased scores open the
doors to many more college choice opportunities, and can also result in
sizable scholarships and grants to offset the ever-growing cost of a college
degree.

There continues to be little to no effort being put forth in the public and
private school systems in preparing their students for this most important
college-entrance exam. For those self-motivated students, there are many
means by which to learn and train on their own. For most though, the hands-on
training and classroom environment provided by our program gives that extra
level of reinforcement and commitment for students to get substantial score
improvement.

We are located in Spokane, Washington. While this has been our primary market
and will continue to be so, the Company is presently seeking to expand its
classroom presence to surrounding communities, home-school co-ops, and into
areas within North Idaho.

Distribution, Sales, and Marketing

The Company itself will directly promote, market, and seek to expand their
market area to the above-mentioned primary markets. We may also seek to
expand to the West-side of the state, possibly into Seattle and Portland
metropolitan markets. We also are considering offering our prep course
directly to consumers via the Internet through a focused website which has
yet to be established.

-5-
 
Competition

The test prep and tutoring industry is extremely competitive, as evidenced b
the tremendous growth over the past few years, and also by the projected
increases, both in the U.S and globally. The primary areas of competition
include pricing, timing of the classes throughout the year, tutors,
curriculum, and marketing campaigns. The Company's product will be competing
directly with a wide range of prep programs and classes promoted by a
relatively large number of companies. Many of these have enjoyed broad, well-
established national recognition for years, through well-funded advertising
and other marketing campaigns, as well as detailed and complex study
materials/books. Many of the companies have far greater financial, marketing,
and distribution resources than the Company has.

Important factors that will affect our ability to compete successfully
include the proven and long-standing history of the Company's program. It was
designed to offer its students the best chance of increasing their test
scores by steadily building on its proven fundamentals and teaching students
how to counteract the trickiness and difficulties presented in the SAT exam.
It also is designed to take the students right up and through the exams, as
opposed poorly-timed or shorter courses in which the teachings are soon
forgot after the class ends.

The Company will also be competing to secure tutors and others who must see
the benefit and opportunity of the Company's prep course over the many others
that are available.

Environmental Matters

There are no environmental concerns for the Company.

BANKRUPTCY OR SIMILAR PROCEEDINGS

There has been no bankruptcy, receivership, or similar proceeding.

REORGANIZATIONS, PURCHASE OR SALE OF ASSETS

There have been no material reclassifications, mergers, consolidations, or
purchase or sale of a significant amount of assets not in the ordinary course
of business.

COMPLIANCE WITH GOVERNMENT REGULATION

The Company, based on its understanding and reviews of government and other
regulations, is not aware of any non-compliance or other matters in this
respect.

It will be our policy to comply with any and all requisite legal
requirements. Compliance with these provisions has not had, and we do not
expect such compliance to have, any material adverse effect on our capital
expenditures, net income, or competitive position.

-6-
 
PATENTS, TRADEMARKS, FRANCHISES, ROYALTY AGREEMENTS OR LABOR CONTRACTS

At present, we have no current plans for any registrations such as
copyrights, franchises, concessions, royalty agreements, or labor contracts.

We will continue to assess the need for any such applications on an ongoing
basis as the Company furthers with its business plan and expands out its
current market area.

NEED FOR GOVERNMENT APPROVAL OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES

We are not required to apply for or have any government approval for our
products or services during this phase of our business plan. Prior to the
Company's expansion and or change in operations, all such approvals necessary
will be researched, applied for, and received.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS DURING THE LAST TWO YEARS

We have expended approximately $1,000 in funds for research and development
costs incurred by our founder since inception.

EMPLOYEES AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

Our only employee is our sole officer and director, Kevin Nichols. Mr.
Nichols currently devotes ten to twenty hours per week to Company matters
and, if necessary, he will devote as much time as is necessary to manage the
affairs of the Company. There are no formal employment agreements between the
Company and our current employee.

REPORTS TO SECURITIES HOLDERS

We will provide an annual report that includes audited financial information
to our shareholders. We make our financial information equally available to
any interested parties or investors through compliance with the disclosure
rules of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including filing Form 10K
annually and Form 10Q quarterly. In addition, we will file Form 8K and other
proxy and information statements from time to time as required. We do not
intend to voluntarily file the above reports in the event that our obligation
to file such reports is suspended under the Exchange Act. The public may read
and copy any materials that we file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, ("SEC"), at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE,
Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of
the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC
maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and
information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC.

-7-
 
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

UNTIL RECENTLY, OUR AUDITORS HAVE ISSUED A GOING CONCERN OPINION, THEREFORE
THERE IS SUBSTANTIAL UNCERTAINTY WE WILL CONTINUE ACTIVITIES IN WHICH CASE
YOU COULD LOSE YOUR INVESTMENT.

Until recently, our auditors have issued a "going concern" opinion. This
means that there has been substantial doubt that we can continue as an
ongoing business for the next twelve months. Although the Company has begun
to produce steady revenues with its new business direction, it has yet to be
seen if this can be maintained and increased in the longer term.

WE LACK AN OPERATING HISTORY AND HAVE PRODUCED LOSSES WHICH MAY NOT CONTINUE
INTO THE FUTURE. AS A RESULT, WE MAY HAVE TO SUSPEND OR CEASE ACTIVITIES.

We were incorporated in January 2009 and we have minimally started our
originally-proposed business activities. With its new business strategy and
direction, the Company does not yet have a long-standing history of regular
revenue production. We have limited operating history upon which an
evaluation of our future success or failure can be made. Our net loss was
$66,483 from inception to August 31, 2015, as we progressed with the
Company's original business plan. For our most recent year, our new business
model has produced Total Revenues of $35,565 and Net Income of $19,636. Our
ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow is
dependent upon:

  * our ability to promote our prep course
  * our ability to generate revenues
  * our ability to manage development costs and expenses

Failure to generate sufficient continued revenues may cause us to suspend or
cease activities.

WE WILL HAVE TO SPEND ADDITIONAL FUNDS TO FURTHER DEVELOP, MARKET, AND
OPERATE OUR SAT PREP COURSE, AND THEN EVEN MORE TO MARKET AND EXPAND IT. IF
WE CAN'T RAISE SUFFICIENT WORKING CAPITAL WE MAY HAVE TO CEASE OPERATIONS AND
YOU COULD LOSE YOUR INVESTMENT.

Even after we successfully complete the development of our prep program, we
will have to spend substantial funds on our marketing and sales efforts
before we will know if we have a commercially viable and marketable/sellable
product.

BECAUSE WE ARE SMALL AND DO NOT HAVE MUCH CAPITAL, WE MAY HAVE TO LIMIT OUR
DEVELOPMENT/MARKETING/EXPANSION/SALES ACTIVITIES WHICH MAY RESULT IN A LOSS
OF YOUR INVESTMENT.

Because we are small and do not have much capital, we must limit our product
development, marketing, and sales activities. As such we may not be able to
complete a product and business development program that is as thorough as we
would like. If this becomes a reality, we may never generate sufficient
revenues and you may lose your investment.

-8-
 
BECAUSE OUR SOLE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR HAS OTHER OUTSIDE BUSINESS ACTIVITIES
AND WILL ONLY BE DEVOTING 20%-30% OF HIS TIME, APPROXIMATELY TEN TO TWENTY
HOURS PER WEEK, TO OUR OPERATIONS, OUR OPERATIONS MAY BE SPORADIC WHICH MAY
RESULT IN PERIODIC INTERRUPTIONS OR SUSPENSIONS OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT.

Because our sole officer and director has other outside business activities
and will only be devoting limited amounts of his time to our development and
operations, completion of these steps of our business plan may be sporadic
and occur at times which are convenient to our officer and director. As a
result, development of our product and its marketing and sale may be
periodically interrupted or suspended.

OUR STOCK WILL BE CONSIDERED PENNY STOCK WHICH LIMITS AN INVESTORS' ABILITY
TO SELL THE STOCK.

Our shares will constitute "penny stock" under the Exchange Act. The shares
will remain penny stock for the foreseeable future. The classification of
penny stock makes it more difficult for any broker-dealer to sell the stock
into a secondary market, thus limiting investment liquidity. Any broker-
dealer engaged by a purchaser for the purpose of selling his or her shares in
our Company will be subject to Rules 15g-1 through 15g-10 of the Exchange
Act. Rather than creating a need to comply with those rules, some broker-
dealers will refuse to attempt to sell penny stock.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

The Company presently owns no real estate property. As a corporate presence,
it presently utilizes the office of our sole officer and director, Kevin
Nichols, who makes this space available to the Company free of charge. His
office is located in Spokane, Washington. The office provides use of
computer, phone, printer, and a fax machine and its general character is
adequate to provide sufficient space and resources for the Company's business
development.

At present, the actual classroom teachings are held in a classroom at a local
church which makes the space available without any formal agreement and free
of charge. The Company has given the church stipends, for its gratitude in
providing the teaching space, ranging from $500 to $1,000 per year.

Mr. Nichols also has an adequate amount of storage capacity within his home,
in excess of 100 square feet, which can be made available as might be needed.

We currently have no investment policies as they pertain to real estate, real
estate interests, or real estate mortgages.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings and we are not aware
of any pending or potential legal actions.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

There were no matters submitted to a vote of the security holders during the
year ended August 31, 2016.

                                       -9-
 
                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

We are not listed or traded on any exchange. We have not had any active
trading in our stock as of the date of this report.

As of August 31, 2016, there were forty-three (43) shareholders of record
holding a total of 12,400,000 shares of the Company's common stock. The
holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of
record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of the
common stock have no pre-emptive rights and no right to convert their common
stock into any other securities. There are no redemption or sinking fund
provisions applicable to the common stock.

We have not paid, nor declared, any dividends since our inception and do not
intend to declare any such dividends in the foreseeable future. Our ability
to pay dividends is subject to limitations imposed by Nevada law. Under
Nevada law, dividends may be paid to the extent that a corporation's assets
exceed its liabilities and it is able to pay its debts as they become due in
the usual course of business.

REPORTS

We are subject to certain filing requirements and will furnish annual
financial reports to our stockholders, certified by our independent
accountant, and will furnish un-audited quarterly financial reports in our
quarterly reports filed electronically with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. All reports and information filed by us can be found at their
website, www.sec.gov.

TRANSFER AGENT

The Company has yet to appoint a Transfer Agent, but will do so when, and as
it may be required in the furtherance of the business plan.

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
        RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

From inception through our last yearend of August 31, 2015, the Company had
produced no revenues. In early calendar 2016, the Company abandoned its
original business plan and brought in the new SAT prep business strategy. As
a result, it has since produced Operating Revenues of $35,565 and Net Income
of $19,636.

We incurred Total Expenses of $15,753 for the year ended August 31, 2016,
while incurring Total Expenses of $10,504 for the prior year. These expenses
consisted of general operating expenses incurred primarily in maintaining our
corporate status, product development, accounting services, and the
preparation and filing of our ongoing periodic reports. Our net loss from
inception (January 29, 2009) through August 31, 2016 was $46,846, which is
down substantially from its peak of $66,483 at last year end.

                                  -10-
 
In May, 2009, a total of 12,000,000 shares of common stock were issued in
exchange for $2,000, or approximately $.00017 per share. These securities
were issued to Kevin Nichols, the sole officer and director of the Company.

In June, 2012 the Company received approval from the SEC to begin selling
common shares by way of an S-1 Offering. The Company sold a total of 400,000
of its common shares through this Offering, which ended at the end of June
2013, for total proceeds of $10,000.

The following table provides selected financial data about our Company for
the period ended August 31, 2016.

                     Balance Sheet Data:            8/31/16
                     -------------------            -------
                     Cash                          $    752
                     Total Assets                  $  5,402
                     Total Liabilities             $ 40,240
                     Shareholders' Equity          $(34,846)

Until the present year, our auditors have expressed their doubt about our
ability to continue as a "going concern" unless we are able to raise
additional capital and ultimately generate profitable operations. For our
most current year, the Company received a "clean" opinion, based on the
profitable nature of the Company since it changed business direction and
adopted its SAT prep strategy.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Our cash balance at August 31, 2016 was $752. In the years since inception,
the Company largely survived on funds provided by our sole officer and
director, Kevin Nichols, who has agreed to advance funds for operations, if
needed. However, there is no formal commitment, arrangement, or legal
obligation to advance or loan funds to the Company.

He Company has been using its excess cash flows to pay down the prior amounts
advanced by Mr. Nichols and will most likely continue to do so.

PLAN OF OPERATION

This section includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect our
current views with respect to future events and financial performance.
Forward-looking statements are often identified by words like: believe,
expect, estimate, anticipate, intend, project and similar expressions, or
words which, by their nature, refer to future events. You should not place
undue certainty on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of
the date of this prospectus. These forward-looking statements are subject to
certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from historical results or any of our predictions.

-11-
 
The Company believes that it will be able to continue its positive operating
cash flows from the SAT prep class teachings, but should the Company require
cash from sources other than operations, it will be able to do so through
advances by our sole officer and director, Kevin Nichols, and/or possibly
debt.

We will need additional capital in the form of excess cash flows, private
equity, debt, or some combination thereof in order to fully complete and
achieve the optimal level with our business plan.

We intend to accomplish the foregoing and will measure our accomplishment
through the following milestones:

1. Continue with our local area SAT prep program. This is what has provided
the Company's operating revenues over the past year.

2. Expand the local area programs through a series of meetings with area high
school administrators, homeschool co-ops, and private schools. Use this to
promote what we do, share the results of the SAT prep program, and provide a
means for them to consider how the Company may help them achieve better test
results for more of their students.

3. As we progress with the above milestones, we will also be enhancing our
curriculum, class materials, and lesson plans with an eye towards making them
available for use and teaching by others as we seek to expand our footprint
outside the local market area.

4. Look at and meet with representatives within the outlying communities that
might be interested in sponsoring or putting together a program for their
local students.

5. Design and establish a website/presence that allows us to market not only
to local community but also to areas in which we look to expand.

6. Analyze and assess larger markets outside the local area, such as Seattle
and Portland, to get an idea of how our program would best fit in those
markets. Make contacts within those various school districts for interest
levels and also for possible tutors that could teach the program in those
markets.

7. Research, assess, and pursue how to best expand on a much larger basis
throughout the U.S.

8. Research the means by which the Company could reach outside the U.S.
market to various tutoring groups/companies seeking to enhance their
operations by offering hands-on training in the U.S.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements.

-12-
 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The Auditors' Reports - for fiscal 2015 and 2016 - and our audited financial
statements for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 immediately
follow.

-13-
 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
SATUSA Corporation (f/k/a Essense Water, Inc)

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of SATUSA Corporation (f/k/a
Essense Water, Inc) as of August 31, 2015, and the related statements of
operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the
years in the period ended August 31, 2015.  SATUSA Corporation's management
is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The
company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of
its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express
no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of SATUSA Corporation as of
August 31, 2015, and the results of its operations and cash flows for each of
the years in the period ended August 31, 2015 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the
Company will continue as a going concern.  As discussed in Note 3 to the
financial statements, the Company has no revenues, has negative working
capital at August 31, 2015, has incurred recurring losses and recurring
negative cash flow from operating activities, and has an accumulated deficit
which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern.  Management's plans concerning these matters are also described in
Note 3.  The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/s/ Seale and Beers, CPAs
Seale and Beers, CPAs
Las Vegas, Nevada
December 10, 2015
                                  -14-
 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of SATUSA Corporation:

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of SATUSA Corporation ("the
Company") as of August 31, 2016 and the related statement of operations,
stockholders' equity (deficit) and cash flows for the year then ended. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statement referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of SATUSA Corporation, as of
August 31, 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the
year then ended, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States of America.

The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the Company's internal control
over financial reporting.  Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

/s/ B F Borgers CPA PC
----------------------
B F Borgers CPA PC

Lakewood, CO
December 14, 2016

-15-
 
                               SATUSA CORPORATION
                                 Balance Sheets
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     As of          As of
                                                   August 31,      August 31,
                                                      2016           2015
                                                    --------       --------
                                     ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS
  Cash                                              $    752      $     37
  Accounts Receivable                                  4,650             0
                                                    --------      --------
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS                                   5,402            37
                                                    --------      --------

      TOTAL ASSETS                                  $  5,402      $     37
                                                    ========      ========

                       LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES
  Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities          $  5,750      $  5,500
  Payable to Affiliates                               34,498        49,020
                                                    --------      --------
TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES                             40,248        54,520
                                                    --------      --------

      TOTAL LIABILITIES                               40,248        54,520
                                                    --------      --------

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Common stock, ($0.0001 par value, 75,000,000
   shares authorized; 12,400,000
   shares issued and
   outstanding as of August 31,
   2016 and 2015, respectively)                        1,240         1,240
  Additional paid-in capital                          10,760        10,760
  Deficit accumulated during development stage       (46,836)      (66,483)
                                                    --------      --------
TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                           (34,846)      (54,483)
                                                    --------      --------

      TOTAL LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY      $  5,402      $     37
                                                    ========      ========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Financial Statements.

                                     -16-
 
                               SATUSA CORPORATION
                            Statements of Operations
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                   Year Ended      Year Ended
                                   August 31,      August 31,
                                     2016            2015
                                   ----------      ----------
Operating Revenue                  $   35,565      $        0
                                   ----------      ----------
Total Revenue                          35,565               0

Cost of Services                       (3,792)               0
                                   ----------      ----------

Gross Profit                           31,773               0

Expenses
  General and Administrative           11,961          10,504
                                   ----------      ----------
Total Expenses                         11,961          10,504

Provision for Income Taxes                 --              --
                                   ----------      ----------

NET INCOME (LOSS)                  $   19,636     $  (10,504)
                                   ==========      ==========

BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS)
  PER SHARE                        $    (0.00)     $    (0.00)
                                   ==========      ==========
WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF
 COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING         12,400,000      12,400,000
                                   ==========      ==========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Financial Statements.

                                     -17-
 
                              SATUSA CORPORATION
                        Statement of Stockholders' Equity
             From January 29, 2009 (Inception) through August 31, 2016
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         Deficit
                                                        Accumulated
                                   Common   Additional    During
                           Common  Stock     Paid-in    Development
                           Stock   Amount    Capital       Stage      Total
                           -----    ------    -------    ----------   ------

BALANCE,
  AUGUST 31, 2013     12,400,000   $ 1,240    $10,760    $ (46,018) $(34,018)
                      ==========   =======    =======    =========  ========

Net loss,
August 31, 2014                                             (9,960)   (9,960)
                      ----------   -------   -------    ----------   -------

BALANCE,
  AUGUST 31, 2014     12,400,000   $ 1,240    $10,760    $ (55,979) $(43,979)
                      ==========   =======    =======    =========  ========

Net loss,
August 31, 2015                                            (10,504)  (10,504)
                      ----------   -------   -------    ----------   -------
BALANCE,
  AUGUST 31, 2015     12,400,000   $ 1,240    $10,760    $ (66,483) $(54,483)
                      ==========   =======    =======    =========  ========

Net Income,
August 31, 2016                                             19,636    19,636
                      ----------   -------   -------    ----------   -------
BALANCE,
  AUGUST 31, 2016     12,400,000   $ 1,240    $10,760    $ (46,847) $(34,847)
                      ==========   =======    =======    =========  ========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Financial Statements.

                                     -18-
 
                               SATUSA CORPORATION
                            Statements of Cash Flows
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Year ended  Year Ended
                                          August 31,  August 31,
                                            2016        2015
                                         ----------  ----------

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net Income (loss)                      $  19,636   $ (10,504)
  Net Change in Accounts Receivable         (4,650)          -
  Net Change in Accounts Payable               250        (150)
                                           --------    --------

NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN)
  OPERATING ACTIVITIES                      15,236     (10,354)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Net Repayments to Affiliate              (14,521)     10,347
                                           --------    --------

NET CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY
  FINANCING ACTIVITIES                     (14,521)     10,347
                                           --------    --------

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH                715          (7)

CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD                     37          44
                                           --------    --------

CASH AT END OF PERIOD                    $     752    $     37
                                           ========    ========

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION

Cash paid during period for:
  Interest                                 $    --     $     --
                                           ========    ========

  Income Taxes                             $    --     $     --
                                           ========    ========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Financial Statements.

                                     -19-
 
                            SATUSA CORPORATION

                          Notes to Financial Statements
                               August 31, 2016
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

Essense Water, Inc. (the "Company"), was incorporated on January 29, 2009,
under the laws of the State of Nevada. During the 3rd quarter of fiscal year
2016, The Company adopted a new business plan consisting of the development
and implementation of an SAT-exam preparatory program/course. In doing so,
the Company also changed its name to SATUSA to more closely align it with the
new business plan. The Company has elected a fiscal year end of August 31.

The Company's authorized share capital consists of 75,000,000 shares of
common stock, $0.0001 par value per share. At August 31, 2016 and 2015, the
Company had 12,400,000 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding,
respectively.

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

A. BASIS OF ACCOUNTING

The Company's financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of
accounting. The Company has elected an August 31 year end.

B. BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE

ASC No. 260, "Earnings Per Share", specifies the computation, presentation
and disclosure requirements for earnings (loss) per share for entities with
publicly held common stock. The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC No.
260.

Basic net loss per share amounts is computed by dividing the net loss by the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per
share are the same as basic earnings per share due to the lack of dilutive
items in the Company.

C. CASH EQUIVALENTS

The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an
original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

D. USE OF ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. In accordance with ASC No.
250 all adjustments are normal and recurring.

-20-
 
E. INCOME TAXES

Income taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740, Accounting for
Income Taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary
differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss
carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change
during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion
of management, it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the
deferred tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of
enactment.

F. REVENUE

The Company records revenue on the accrual basis when all services have been
performed and delivered, the amounts are readily determinable, and collection
is reasonably assured.

G. ADVERTISING

The Company will expense its advertising when incurred. There have been no
advertising costs since inception.

H. RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

FASB issues various Accounting Standards Updates relating to the treatment
and recording of certain accounting transactions. On June 10, 2014, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU)
No. 2014-10, DEVELOPMENT STAGE ENTITIES (TOPIC 915) - ELIMINATION OF CERTAIN
FINANCIAL REPORTING REQUIREMENTS, INCLUDING AN AMENDMENT TO VARIABLE INTEREST
ENTITIES GUIDANCE IN TOPIC 810, CONSOLIDATION, which eliminates the concept
of a development stage entity (DSE) entirely from current accounting
guidance. The Company has elected adoption of this standard, which eliminates
the designation of DSEs and the requirement to disclose results of operations
and cash flows since inception.

NOTE 3. GOING CONCERN

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the
Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in the notes to the
financial statements, the Company has only recently been receiving revenues.

This raises doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Without realization of continued revenues and/or additional capital, it would
be unlikely for the Company to continue as a going concern. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from this
uncertainty.

The Company's activities to date have been supported by equity financing by
its founder. Until its most current year, the Company had sustained losses in
all reporting periods, with an inception to date net loss of $46,836 as of
August 31, 2016.

                                   -21-
 
NOTE 4. WARRANTS AND OPTIONS

There are no warrants or options outstanding to acquire any additional shares
of common stock.

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The Company's sole Officer and Director has advanced/loaned the Company funds
and has paid certain third-party expenses on behalf of the Company. As of
August 31, 2016 and 2015, the net amounts owing the sole officer and director
were $34,498 and $49,020, respectively. These amounts are payable on demand
and are non-interest bearing.

The Company's sole officer and director has received and is owed no salary.

The Company neither owns nor leases any real or personal property.

The sole officer and director of the Company is involved in other business
activities and may, in the future, become involved in other business
opportunities as they become available. Thus he may face a conflict in
selecting between the Company and his other business interests. The Company
has not formulated a policy for the resolution of such conflicts.

NOTE 6. INCOME TAXES

                                                         As of August 31,
                                                         2016       2015
                                                        ------     ------
     Deferred tax assets:
       Net operating loss carryforwards               $ 46,847   $ 66,483
       Tax Rate                                             34%        34%
                                                        ------     ------

       Gross deferred tax assets                        15,928     22,604
       Valuation allowance                             (15,928)   (22,604)
                                                        ------     ------

       Net deferred tax assets                        $      0   $      0
                                                        ======     ======

Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient future
taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and
carryforwards are expected to be available to reduce taxable income. As the
achievement of required future taxable income is uncertain, the Company
recorded a valuation allowance.

NOTE 7. NET OPERATING LOSSES

As of August 31, 2016, the Company has a net operating loss carryforward of
approximately $46,847. Net operating loss carryforward expires 20 years from
the date the loss was incurred.

-22-
 
NOTE 8. STOCK TRANSACTIONS

The stockholders' equity section of the Company contains the following
classes of capital stock as of August 31:

     Common stock, $0.0001 par value: 75,000,000 shares authorized;
        12,400,000 shares issued and outstanding as of August
        31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

On May 29, 2009 the Company issued a total of 12,000,000 shares of common
stock to its sole officer/director for cash at $0.00017 per share for total
proceeds of $2,000.

During the fiscal year 2013, the Company sold and issued a total of 400,000
shares of common stock to various investors for cash at $0.025 per share for
total proceeds of $10,000.

NOTE 9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date that the
financial statements were issued, and determined there are no other
subsequent events to be reported.

-23-
 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

Subsequent to the most recent year end, the Company's Board of Directors made
the decision to change our outside auditors from Seale & Beers CPA's to
B F Borgers CPA PC.

The change was precipitated by the announcement that Seale & Beers was being
acquired and there was to be a sizable increase in the annual cost for their
work for the Company. There had been no disagreements between the Company and
our former independent public accounting firm, Seale & Beers CPAs, as to any
matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure,
or auditing scope or procedure.

Further, there have been no disagreements between the Company and our
independent public accounting firm, B F Borgers CPA PC, as to any matter of
accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or
auditing scope or procedure.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our principal executive officer and the principal financial officer (our
President), we have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded as
of the evaluation date that our disclosure controls and procedures were non-
effective in such that the material information required to be included in
our Securities and Exchange Commission reports is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our principal executive and
financial officer, recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the
time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms
relating to our Company, particularly during the period when this report was
being prepared.

MANAGEMENT'S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, for the Company.

-24-
 
Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of its management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements.

Management recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the
effectiveness of any system of internal control, and accordingly, even
effective internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect material
misstatements. In addition, effective internal control at a point in time may
become ineffective in future periods because of changes in conditions or due
to deterioration in the degree of compliance with our established policies
and procedures.

A material weakness is a significant deficiency, or combination of
significant deficiencies, that results in there being a more than remote
likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our President, management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting, as of August 31, 2015, based on the framework set forth
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our
evaluation under this framework, management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective as of the evaluation date
due to the factors stated below.

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting and identified the following material weaknesses:

INSUFFICIENT RESOURCES: We have an inadequate number of personnel within the
key functional areas of finance and accounting.

INADEQUATE SEGREGATION OF DUTIES: We have an inadequate number of personnel
to properly implement control procedures.

LACK OF AUDIT COMMITTEE & OUTSIDE DIRECTORS ON THE COMPANY'S BOARD OF
DIRECTORS: We do not have a functioning audit committee or outside directors
on our Board of Directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the
establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures.

Management, including our President, has discussed the material weakness
noted above with our independent registered public accounting firm. Due to
the nature of this material weakness, there is a more than remote likelihood
that misstatements which could be material to the annual or interim financial
statements could occur that would not be prevented or detected.

                                       -25-
 
This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered
public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management's report was not subject to attestation by the our registered
public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit us
to provide only management's report in this annual report.

MANAGEMENT'S REMEDIATION INITIATIVES

In an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other
deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to
initiate, the following series of measures:

We will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control
objectives and increase our personnel resources within the accounting
function when funds are available to us. And, we plan to appoint one or more
outside directors to our Board of Directors who shall be appointed to an
audit committee resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will
undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required
internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates
and assumptions made by management when funds are available to us.

Management believes that the appointment of one or more outside directors,
who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy
the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside
directors on our Board.

We anticipate that these initiatives will be at least partially, if not
fully, implemented by August 31, 2017. Additionally, we plan to test our
updated controls and remediate our deficiencies by August 31, 2017.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the last fiscal quarter for our fiscal year ended August
31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

-26-
 
                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

The sole officer and director of SATUSA, whose one year terms will expire
January 31, 2017, or at such a time as their successor(s) shall be elected
and qualified is as follows:

Name & Address        Age    Position      Date First Elected    Term Expires
--------------        ---    --------      ------------------    ------------

Kevin Nichols          57    President,         1/29/2009          1/31/2017
4327 S Pittsburg             Secretary,
Spokane, WA  99203           Treasurer,
                             CFO, CEO &
                             Director

The foregoing person is a promoter of SATUSA CORPORATION, as that term is
defined in the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1933. Directors are elected to serve until the next annual
meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and
qualified. Officers are appointed to serve until the meeting of the Board of
Directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their
successors have been elected and qualified.

Kevin Nichols currently devotes ten to twenty hours per week to Company
matters, in the future he intends to devote as much time as the Board of
Directors deems necessary to manage the affairs of the Company, and as his
schedule with his other business interests permits.

BACKGROUND INFORMATION

Mr. Kevin Nichols has been the President, Secretary, Treasurer and sole
Director of SATUSA since January 29, 2009, the date of its inception.

His background is as follows:

BBA Boise State University, Boise, ID
Major: Accounting and Finance

Over the past eighteen years, Mr. Nichols has been self-employed as an
independent business consultant through his wholly-owned company, SAT, LLC
and through Altres Group, LLC, which is owned jointly, on a 50/50 basis by
him and his brother, Jeff Nichols. These companies specialize in providing
assistance with the many start-up and other requirements of new and existing
businesses, including company formations and structuring, elements of tax and
accounting, and analyzing existing businesses for inefficiencies, ways to
increase profits, and seek new growth opportunities. Through his SAT LLC, Mr.
Nichols has also designed and taught an SAT Prep program to local area high
school students for the past six years.

Prior to self-employment, Mr. Nichols held positions primarily in areas of
accounting and finance with such companies as Arthur Andersen & Co, SAFECO
Properties, Wells Fargo, Seafirst Bank, Bank of America, and Kiemle Hagood.

                                        -27-
 
INVOLVEMENT IN CERTAIN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

No executive officer or director of the Company has been the subject of any
order, judgment, or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction, or any
regulatory agency permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending,
or otherwise limiting him or her from acting as an investment advisor,
underwriter, broker, or dealer in the securities industry, or as an
affiliated person, director, or employee of an investment company, bank,
savings and loan association, or insurance company or from engaging in or
continuing any conduct or practice in connection with any such activity or in
connection with the purchase or sale of any securities.

No executive officer or director of the Company has been convicted in any
criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations) or is the subject of a
criminal proceeding which is currently pending.

CONFLICT OF INTEREST

Our sole Officer and Director does not currently devote all of his business
time to our operations, and is actively involved in other business endeavors.
Other than his time commitments/conflicts with his other business interests,
there is no direct competition or conflict of Company interests with any
other of Mr. Nichols' businesses.

CODE OF ETHICS

The Company does not currently have a code of ethics, because we have only
limited business operations and only one officer and director, we believe a
code of ethics would have limited utility. We intend to adopt such a code of
ethics as our business operations expand and we have more directors,
officers, and employees.

-28-
 
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Our current sole officer receives no compensation. The current Board of
Directors is comprised of Kevin Nichols.

                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

                                           Non-Equity Nonqualified
                                            Incentive Deferred  All
Name and                                       Plan   Compen-   Other
Principal                    Stock  Option    Compen- sation    Compen-
Position  Year Salary Bonus  Awards Awards    sation  Earnings  sation Totals
--------  ---  ------ -----  ------ ------    ------  --------  ------ ------
Kevin
  Nichols,2016      0     0       0      0         0         0       0      0
President,2015      0     0       0      0         0         0       0      0
CEO & CFO 2014      0     0       0      0         0         0       0      0
          2013      0     0       0      0         0         0       0      0
          2012      0     0       0      0         0         0       0      0

                  OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR END

Name             (1)    (2)    (3)    (4)    (5)    (6)    (7)    (8)    (9)
--------------  ----   ----   ----   ----   ----   ----   ----   ----   ----
Kevin Nichols     0      0      0      0      0      0      0      0      0
CEO & CFO
---------------
(1) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options, Exercisable
(2) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options, Unexercisable
(3) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised
      Unearned Options
(4) Option Exercise Price
(5) Option Expiration Date
(6) Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested
(7) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Yet Vested
(8) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other
      Rights That Have Not Vested
(9) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares,
      Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested

                              DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
                                              Change in
                                                Pension
                                              Value and
          Fees                  Non-Equity Nonqualified
       Earned/                   Incentive     Deferred
       Paid in   Stock Option         Plan Compensation    All Other
Name      Cash  Awards Awards Compensation     Earnings  Compensation  Total
--------  ----  ------ ------ ------------     --------  ------------  -----
Kevin
  Nichols    0       0      0            0            0             0      0
Director

There are no current employment agreements between the Company and its
executive officer.
                                      -29-
 
On May 29, 2009 Kevin Nichols purchased 12,000,000 shares of our common stock
at $0.00017 per share, for total proceeds of $2,000. The terms of the stock
issuance was as fair to the Company, in the opinion of the Board of
Directors, as could have been made with an unaffiliated third party.

In December, 2010, Kevin Nichols gifted a total of 260,000 shares of his
common stock to thirty-two (32) family members and friends.

Mr. Nichols currently devotes approximately ten to twenty hours per week to
manage the affairs of the Company. He has agreed to work with no remuneration
until such time as the Company receives sufficient revenues necessary to
provide management salaries. At this time, we cannot accurately estimate when
sufficient revenues will occur to implement this compensation, or what the
amount of the compensation will be.

There are no annuity, pension, or retirement benefits proposed to be paid to
officers, directors, or employees in the event of retirement at normal
retirement date pursuant to any presently existing plan provided or
contributed to by the company or any of its subsidiaries, if any.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The following table sets forth information on the ownership of SATUSA voting
securities by officers, directors, and major shareholders as well as those
who own beneficially more than five percent of our common stock:

          Name of                        No. of            Percentage
     Beneficial Owner (1)                Shares           of Ownership:
     --------------------                ------           -------------

     Kevin Nichols                       11,740,000             95%

     All Officers and
     Directors as a Group                11,740,000             95%
----------
(1)  The person named may be deemed to be a "parent" and "promoter" of the
     Company, within the meaning of such terms under the Securities Act of
     1933, as amended.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

In May 2009, Kevin Nichols purchased 12,000,000 shares of the Company's
common stock at $0.00017 per share. In December, 2010, Kevin Nichols gifted a
total of 260,000 shares of his common stock to thirty-two (32) family members
and friends, leaving him with 11,740,000 shares at present.

All of Kevin Nichols' shares are "restricted" securities, as that term is
defined by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are held by the
officer and director of the Company. (See "Principal Stockholders".)

-30-
 
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The total fees charged to the Company for audit-related services were $9,250,
for tax services were $0, and for other services were $0 during the year
ended August 31, 2016.

For the year ended August 31, 2015, the total fees charged to the Company for
audit services were $9,000, for tax services were $0, and for other services
were $0.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
                                            Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit No.   Exhibit                       or Filed Herewith
----------    -------                       -----------------------------
   3.1        Articles of Incorporation     Incorporated by reference to
                                              the Registration Statement on
                                              Form S-1 filed with the SEC on
                                              May 20, 2010, File No. 333-
                                              162824

   3.2        Bylaws                        Incorporated by reference to
                                              the Registration Statement on
                                              Form S-1 filed with the SEC on
                                              May 20, 2010, File No. 333-
                                              162824

  23.1        Consent of Independent Auditors

  31          Section 302 Certification of  Filed herewith
              Chief Executive Officer &
              Chief Financial Officer

  32          Section 906 Certification of  Filed herewith
              Chief Executive Officer and
              Chief Financial Officer

                                   SIGNATURES

In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the
registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe it meets all
of the requirements for filing Form 10-K and authorized this registration
statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, in the city of
Spokane, state of Washington, on December 13, 2016.

SATUSA CORPORATION, Registrant

/s/ Kevin Nichols                                          December 13, 2016
-----------------                                          -----------------
    Kevin Nichols, President & Director                           Date
   (Principal Executive Officer,
     Principal Financial Officer,
     Principal Accounting Officer)

                                     -31-

<EX-31>
 2
 exh31.txt
 
                                                               EXHIBIT 31

CERTIFICATION
                           Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

I, Kevin Nichols, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of SATUSA CORPORATION

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
     of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
     the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
     statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
     by this report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
     information included in this report, fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
     of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
     defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
     control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a
     15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

     a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
          to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
          period in which this report is being prepared;
     b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
          such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
          our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
          reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
          accepted accounting principles;
     c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
          the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of
          the end of the period covered by this report based on such
          evaluation; and
     d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the
          registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
          fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
          affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
          registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

-1-

5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based
     on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
     reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of
     registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
     functions):
     a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
          or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
          reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
     b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
          other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
          internal control over financial reporting.

Date: December 13, 2016

/s/ Kevin Nichols
-----------------
    Kevin Nichols
    Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 exh32.txt
 
                                                                EXHIBIT 32
                                  CERTIFICATION
                           Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of SATUSA CORPORATION (the
"Company") for the year ended August 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), Kevin Nichols, as
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby
certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

     (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

     (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
          material respects, the financial condition and results of
          operations of the Company.

Date: December 13, 2016                By: /s/ Kevin Nichols
                                           -----------------
                                              Kevin Nichols
                                              Chief Executive Officer
                                              Chief Financial Officer

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to ss. 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes
of ss.18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 esw-20160831.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 esw-20160831.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 esw-20160831_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 esw-20160831_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 esw-20160831_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 esw-20160831_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

