<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1567802_0001165527-16-000942_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>692883</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>31632</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>52845</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>94158</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>279906</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>222308</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>3</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001165527-16-000942.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121122906
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001165527-16-000942
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		25
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Perkins Oil & Gas, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001567802
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL AND GAS FIELD EXPLORATION SERVICES [1382]
		IRS NUMBER:				455361669
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55343
		FILM NUMBER:		162009677

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1445 MARPOLE AVENUE #409
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6H 1S5
		BUSINESS PHONE:		604 733-5055

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1445 MARPOLE AVENUE #409
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6H 1S5

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001165527-16-000942.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 g8330a.txt
 
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-Q

[X] QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934

    FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED September 30, 2016

                        Commission file number 000-55343

Perkins Oil & Gas, Inc.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                                     Nevada
         (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

                                   P.O. Box 21
                                Bonita, CA 91908
          (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

                                  (619)247-9630
                     (Telephone number, including area code)

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. YES [X] NO [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and
posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (ss.232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES [X] NO [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of "large accelerated filer, "accelerated filer,"
"non-accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer [ ]                        Accelerated filer [ ]

Non-accelerated filer [ ]                          Smaller reporting company [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES [ ] NO [X]

State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common
equity, as of the latest practicable date: 6,750,000 shares as of November 21,
2016
 
ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                             Perkins Oil & Gas Inc.
                                  Balance Sheet
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

See Notes to Financial Statements

                                       2
 
                             Perkins Oil & Gas Inc.
                            Statements of Operations
                                   (Unaudited)

See Notes to Financial Statements

                                       3
 
                             Perkins Oil & Gas Inc.
                            Statements of Cash Flows
                                   (Unaudited)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

See Notes to Financial Statements

                                       4
 
                             Perkins Oil & Gas Inc.
             Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited)
                               September 30, 2016
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION

The accompanying condensed financial statements have been prepared by the
Company without audit. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which
include only normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the
financial position, results of operations, and cash flows at September 30, 2016
and for all periods presented herein, have been made.

Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the condensed
financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted. It is
suggested that these condensed financial statements be read in conjunction with
the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's June 30,
2016 audited financial statements. The results of operations for the periods
ended September 30, 2016 and the same period last year are not necessarily
indicative of the operating results for the full years.

Certain prior-period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current
period presentation.

NOTE 2 - GOING CONCERN

The Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going
concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of
liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not yet
established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating
costs and allow it to continue as a going concern and has limited cash
resources. These negative factors create substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to
fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to
obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations.

In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other
things, additional capital resources. Management's plan is to obtain such
resources for the Company by obtaining capital from management and significant
shareholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses and seeking
equity and/or debt financing. However management cannot provide any assurances
that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans.

The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its
ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in the preceding
paragraph and eventually secure other sources of financing and attain profitable
operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.

NOTE 3 - PROMISSORY NOTES PAYABLE

Since inception the Company received cash totaling $57,100 from J. Michael Page,
Howard H. Hendricks and Betty N. Myers, all related parties to the company as
former or current officers and directors, in the form of notes totaling $57,100.
As of September 30, 2016 the amount due to J. Michael Page was $23,000, the
amount due to Howard H. Hendricks was $26,100 and the amount due to Betty N.
Myers was $8,000.

On April 30, 2013, the Company received a $4,500 loan. This loan is at 2%
interest with principle and interest all due on May 1, 2015. On May 1, 2015, the
loan was extended to May 1, 2017.

                                       5
 
                             Perkins Oil & Gas Inc.
             Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited)
                               September 30, 2016
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On June 7, 2013, the Company received a $3,000 loan. This loan is at 4% interest
with principle and interest all due on June 7, 2015. On June 7, 2015, the loan
was extended to June 7, 2017.

On September 6, 2013, the Company received a $9,000 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on September 6, 2015, the loan was
extended to September 6, 2017.

On September 30, 2013, the Company received a $500 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on September 30, 2015, the loan was
extended to September 30, 2017.

On November 15, 2013, the Company received a $2,000 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on November 15, 2015, the loan was
extended to November 15, 2017.

On January 21, 2014, the Company received a $4,000 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on January 21, 2016, the loan was
extended to January 21, 2018.

On February 6, 2015, the Company received a $1,200 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on February 6, 2017

On March 9, 2015, the Company received a $3,000 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on March 9, 2017

On April 16, 2015, the Company received a $5,500 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on April 16, 2017.

On May 13, 2015, the Company received a $1,700 loan. This loan is at 4% interest
with principle and interest all due on May 13, 2017.

On August 8, 2015, the Company received a $1,000 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on August 8, 2017.

On October 30, 2015, the Company received a $5,100 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on October 30, 2017.

On December 31, 2015, the Company received a $4,400 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on December 31, 2017.

On February 12, 2016, the Company received a $2,100 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on February 12, 2018.

On February 29, 2016, the Company received a $2,100 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on February 28, 2018.

On September 28, 2016, the Company received an $8,000 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on September 28, 2018.

As of June 30, 2016, accrued interest is $3,162, and September 30, 2016 accrued
interest is $3,655.

                                       6
 
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION

           CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

Certain statements in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q contain or may contain
forward-looking statements that are subject to known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual results, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements were based on various factors and were derived
utilizing numerous assumptions and other factors that could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These
factors include, but are not limited to, our ability to consummate a merger or
business combination, economic, political and market conditions and
fluctuations, government and industry regulation, interest rate risk, U.S. and
global competition, and other factors. Most of these factors are difficult to
predict accurately and are generally beyond our control. You should consider the
areas of risk described in connection with any forward-looking statements that
may be made herein. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report.
Readers should carefully review this annual report in its entirety, including
but not limited to our financial statements and the notes thereto. Except for
our ongoing obligations to disclose material information under the Federal
securities laws, we undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to
any forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the occurrence of
unanticipated events. For any forward-looking statements contained in any
document, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

We are an exploration stage company and have generated $5,207 in revenues since
inception (May 25, 2012) and have incurred a net loss of $111,773 through
September 30, 2016. We received our initial funding of $20,001 through the sale
of common stock to J Michael Page, the officer and director of the Company at
that time, who purchased 4,000,000 shares of our common stock at $0.005 per
share in June, 2012. On February 1, 2013 an additional 750,000 shares were
issued to Mr. Page for consideration of $7,500 or $.01 per share. On March 15,
2014, the Company issued a total of 2,000,000 shares of common stock to various
individuals for cash in the amount of $0.01 per share for a total of $20,000.
These shares were issued pursuant to the Company's Registration Statement on
Form S-1; the offering was closed on March 15, 2014. On June 20, 2014 in a
private transaction and pursuant to a share transfer agreement between J.
Michael Page and Howard H. Hendricks, Mr. Hendricks purchased 4,750,000 shares
of common stock from J. Michael Page.

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had no revenues and
incurred $6,590 and $5,248 in general and administrative expenses and $494 and
$327 in interest expense, respectively.

                                       7
 
The following table provides selected financial data about our company at
September 30, 2016 and the year ended June 30, 2016.

          Balance Sheet Data:             9/30/16            6/30/16
          -------------------             -------            -------

          Cash                           $  3,904           $    668
          Total assets                   $  3,904           $    668
          Total liabilities              $ 68,176           $ 57,856
          Shareholders' deficit          $(64,272)          $(57,188)

Our cash balance at September 30, 2016 was $3,904. Our cash balance and revenues
generated from a new lease may not be sufficient to cover the expenses we will
incur during the next twelve months. If we experience a shortage of funds prior
to funding we may utilize funds from our director, who has informally agreed to
advance funds to allow us to pay for filing fees and professional fees, however
he has no formal commitment, arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan
funds to the company. The Company received cash totaling $49,100 from J. Michael
Page and Howard H. Hendricks in the form of notes. As of September 30, 2016 the
amount due to J. Michael Page was $23,000 and the amount due to Howard H.
Hendricks was $26,100. On September 28, 2016, the Company received an $8,000
loan from Betty N Myers. This loan is at 4% interest with principle and interest
all due on September 28, 2018. We have generated $5,207 in revenue to date.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Our cash balance at September 30, 2016 was $3,904 with $68,176 in outstanding
liabilities, consisting of $7,421 in accounts payable, $3,655 in accrued
interest payable and $57,100 in notes payable to a related party. If we
experience a shortfall of cash our director has agreed to loan us additional
funds for operating expenses, however he has no legal obligation to do so. Total
expenditures over the next 12 months are expected to be approximately $25,000.

PLAN OF OPERATION

Our plan of operation for the twelve months following the date of this report is
to secure another property/well to continue exploration activities. As we were
only able to sell 40% of the securities from our recent offering ($20,000),
substantially all of the funds raised by the offering were spent on the monthly
maintenance of the Perkins well and assuring that we met our corporate and
disclosure obligations so that we remain in good standing with the State of
Nevada and maintain our status as a reporting issuer with the SEC.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements.

                                       8
 
GOING CONCERN

Our auditor has issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is
substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next
twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills. This is
because we have generated only minimum revenues from our well.

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Management maintains "disclosure controls and procedures," as such term is
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
"Exchange Act"), that are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.

In connection with the preparation of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, an
evaluation was carried out by management, with the participation of the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016.

Based on that evaluation, management concluded, as of the end of the period
covered by this report, that our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective in recording, processing, summarizing, and reporting information
required to be disclosed, within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission's rules and forms.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

As of the end of the period covered by this report, there have been no changes
in the internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting subsequent to
the date of management's last evaluation.

                                       9
 
                           PART II. OTHER INFORMATION

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS

The following exhibits are included with this quarterly filing. Those marked
with an asterisk and required to be filed hereunder, are incorporated by
reference and can be found in their entirety in our original Registration
Statement on Form S-1, filed under SEC File Number 000-55343 (333-186286), at
the SEC website at www.sec.gov:

Exhibit No.                        Description

   3.1            Articles of Incorporation*
   3.2            Bylaws*
  31.1            Sec. 302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer
  31.2            Sec. 302 Certification of Principal Financial Officer
  32.1            Sec. 906 Certification of Principal Executive Officer
  32.2            Sec. 906 Certification of Principal Financial Officer
  101             Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

November 21, 2016                   Perkins Oil & Gas, Inc., Registrant

By: /s/ Betty N. Myers
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Betty N. Myers, President,
                                        Chief Executive Officer,
                                        Principal Accounting Officer,
                                        and Chief Financial Officer

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated.

November 21, 2016                   Perkins Oil & Gas, Inc., Registrant

By: /s/ Betty N. Myers
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Betty N. Myers, President,
                                        Chief Executive Officer,
                                        Principal Accounting Officer,
                                        and Chief Financial Officer

                                      10

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 31.1

                                  CERTIFICATION

I, Betty N. Myers, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Perkins Oil & Gas, Inc.

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
     statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
     were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
     report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
     information included in this report, fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
     financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

     a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;
     b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
          such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
          our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
          reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;
     c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of
     directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
          reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
     b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
          employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting.

Date: November 21, 2016

/s/ Betty N. Myers
--------------------------------------
Betty N. Myers
Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 31.2

                                  CERTIFICATION

I, Betty N. Myers, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Perkins Oil & Gas, Inc.

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
     statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
     were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
     report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
     information included in this report, fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
     financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

     a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;
     b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
          such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
          our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
          reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;
     c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of
     directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
          reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
     b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
          employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting.

Date: November 21, 2016

/s/ Betty N. Myers
--------------------------------------
Betty N. Myers
Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 32.1

                                  CERTIFICATION
                           Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Perkins Oil & Gas, Inc.
(the "Company") for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), Betty N.
Myers, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that:

     (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

     (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
          material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
          of the Company.

Date: November 21, 2016               By: /s/ Betty N. Myers
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Betty N. Myers
                                          Chief Executive Officer

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to ss. 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of ss.18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 32.2

                                  CERTIFICATION
                           Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Perkins Oil & Gas, Inc.
(the "Company") for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), Betty N.
Myers, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that:

     (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

     (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
          material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
          of the Company.

Date: November 21, 2016                By: /s/ Betty N. Myers
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Betty N. Myers
                                          Chief Financial Officer

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to ss. 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of ss.18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 prko-20160930.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 prko-20160930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 prko-20160930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 prko-20160930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 prko-20160930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 prko-20160930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

