<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1441082_0001165527-16-000921_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>646457</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>44734</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>60076</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>63508</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>245260</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>221622</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>3</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001165527-16-000921.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110165357
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001165527-16-000921
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		31
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lake Forest Minerals Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001441082
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				262862618
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-152805
		FILM NUMBER:		161988800

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		711 S. CARSON ST, SUITE #4
		CITY:			CARSON CITY
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206-271-3009

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		711 S. CARSON ST, SUITE #4
		CITY:			CARSON CITY
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001165527-16-000921.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 g8321.txt
 
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-Q

[X] QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934

    FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

                        Commission file number 333-152805

LAKE FOREST MINERALS, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                                     NEVADA
         (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

                          711 S. Carson Street, Suite 4
                              Carson City, NV 89701
          (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

                                 (206) 203-4100
                     (Telephone number, including area code)

                         Resident Agents of Nevada, Inc.
                          711 S. Carson Street, Suite 4
                              Carson City, NV 89701
                                 (775) 882 4641
            (Name, address and telephone number of agent for service)

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. YES [X] NO [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and
posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (ss.232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES [X] NO [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of "large accelerated filer, "accelerated filer,"
"non-accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer [ ]                        Accelerated filer [ ]

Non-accelerated filer [ ]                          Smaller reporting company [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES [X] NO [ ]

State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common
equity, as of the latest practicable date: 11,000,000 shares as of November 8,
2016.
 
ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                            LAKE FOREST MINERALS INC.
                                 Balance Sheets
                           (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)
                                   (Unaudited)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                       2
 
                            LAKE FOREST MINERALS INC.
                            Statements of Operations
                           (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)
                                   (Unaudited)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                       3
 
                            LAKE FOREST MINERALS INC.
                            Statements of Cash Flows
                           (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)
                                   (Unaudited)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                       4
 
                            LAKE FOREST MINERALS INC.
                        Notes to the Financial Statements

1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS, HISTORY AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND HISTORY - Lake Forest Minerals Inc., a Nevada
corporation, (hereinafter referred to as the "Company" or "Lake Forest
Minerals") was incorporated in the State of Nevada on June 23, 2008. The Company
was formed to engage in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural
resource properties of merit. During the initial period ending June 30, 2008,
the Company entered into an option agreement to acquire certain mineral claims
located in British Columbia (refer to Note 3).
On February 22, 2010 the Company provided notice to the Optionor, and terminated
the Option Agreement and relieved itself from any obligations thereunder.

The Company's operations have been limited to general administrative operations,
initial property staking and investigation, and is considered an Exploration
Stage Company in accordance with ASC 915.

Since February 22, 2010, our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire
an operating business and we are currently considered a "shell" company inasmuch
as we are not generating revenues, do not own an operating business, and have no
specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a
yet-to-be identified operating company or business. We have no employees and no
material assets.

MANAGEMENT OF COMPANY - The Company filed its articles of incorporation with the
Nevada Secretary of State on June 23, 2008. The initial list of officers filed
with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 23, 2008, indicates the sole director
Jeffrey Taylor as the President, Secretary, and Treasurer.

YEAR END - The Company's fiscal year end is June 30.

USE OF ESTIMATES - The preparation of the financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of
revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.

                                       5
 
                            LAKE FOREST MINERALS INC.
                        Notes to the Financial Statements

1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS, HISTORY AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued)

INCOME TAXES - The Company provides for income taxes under ASC 740, Accounting
for Income Taxes. ASC 740 requires the use of an asset and liability approach in
accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded
based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets
and liabilities and the tax rates in effect when these differences are expected
to reverse.

ASC 740 requires the reduction of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance
if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that
some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.

The Company has net operating loss carryover to be used for reducing future
year's taxable income. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the
full potential tax benefit of the operating loss carryovers due to the
uncertainty regarding realization.

REVENUE RECOGNITION - The Company has no current source of revenue; therefore
the Company has not yet adopted any policy regarding the recognition of revenue
or cost.

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE - Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the
net loss available to common stockholders for the period by the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. The calculation
of diluted net loss per share gives effect to common stock equivalents; however,
potential common shares are excluded if their effect is anti-dilutive. For the
period from June 23, 2008 (Date of Inception) through September 30, 2016 the
Company had no potentially dilutive securities.

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION - The Company has not adopted a stock option plan and
has not granted any stock options. Accordingly no stock-based compensation has
been recorded to date.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - For purposes of Statements of Cash Flows, the
Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with a maturity of
three months or less to be cash equivalents to the extent the funds are not
being held for investment purposes.

ADVERTISING COSTS - The Company's policy regarding advertising is to expense
advertising when incurred. The Company had not incurred any advertising expenses
as of September 30, 2016.

LONG-LIVED ASSETS - The carrying value of intangible assets and other long-lived
assets is reviewed on a regular basis for the existence of facts or
circumstances that may suggest impairment. The Company recognizes impairment
when the sum of the expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the

                                       6
 
                            LAKE FOREST MINERALS INC.
                        Notes to the Financial Statements

1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS, HISTORY AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued)

carrying amount of the asset. Impairment losses, if any, are measured as the
excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its estimated fair value.

MINERAL PROPERTY COSTS - The Company has been in the exploration stage since its
inception on June 23, 2008 and has not yet realized any revenues from its
planned operations, being the acquisition and exploration of mining properties.
Mineral property exploration costs are expensed as incurred. Mineral property
acquisition costs are initially capitalized when incurred. The Company assesses
the carrying costs for impairment at each fiscal quarter end. When it has been
determined that a mineral property can be economically developed as a result of
establishing proven and probable reserves, the costs then incurred to develop
such property, are capitalized. Such costs will be amortized using the
units-of-production method over the estimated life of the probable reserve. If
mineral properties are subsequently abandoned or impaired, any capitalized costs
will be charged to operations.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS - From September 30, 2016 through the filing
date of these financial statements, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards
Board) issued various Accounting Standards Updates relating to the treatment and
recording of certain accounting transactions. Management has determined that
these recent accounting pronouncements will have no impact on the financial
statements of Lake Forest Minerals Inc.

2. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

As of September 30, 2016, the Company does not own any property and/or
equipment.

3. STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY

The Company has 75,000,000 common shares and 10,000,000 preferred shares
authorized with a par value of $0.001 per share.

The Company has not issued any preferred shares since inception through
September 30, 2016.

A total of 11,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock have been issued as
of September 30, 2016, 8,000,000 of these shares were issued to the sole
director of the Company pursuant to a stock subscription agreement at $0.0015
per share for total proceeds of $12,000 on June 26, 2008. The remaining
3,000,000 shares of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock were
issued at a price of $0.01 per share for gross proceeds of $30,000.

                                       7
 
                            LAKE FOREST MINERALS INC.
                        Notes to the Financial Statements

4. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Jeffrey Taylor, the sole officer and director of the Company was not paid for
any underwriting services that he performed on behalf of the Company with
respect to the Company's S-1 prospectus offering, filed August 6, 2008.

To September 30, 2016, Jeffrey Taylor loaned the Company $86,000 for operating
expenses, the loan bears no interest and has no specific terms of payment.

5. GOING CONCERN

The Company has incurred net losses of approximately $131,695 for the period
from June 23, 2008 (Date of Inception) through September 30, 2016 and has
commenced limited operations, raising substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. The Company will seek additional sources
of capital through the issuance of debt or equity financing, but there can be no
assurance the Company will be successful in accomplishing its objectives.

The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on
additional sources of capital and the success of the Company's plan. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if
the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.

6. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company's management has reviewed all material subsequent events through the
filing date of these financial statements in accordance with ASC 885-10, and has
determined that there are no material subsequent events to report.

                                       8
 
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements in this report contain or may contain forward-looking
statements that are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors which may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements were based on various factors and were derived utilizing numerous
assumptions and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These factors include,
but are not limited to, our ability to generate revenues, economic, political
and market conditions and fluctuations, government and industry regulation,
interest rate risk, U.S. and global competition, and other factors. Most of
these factors are difficult to predict accurately and are generally beyond our
control. You should consider the areas of risk described in connection with any
forward-looking statements that may be made herein. Readers are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of
the date of this report. Readers should carefully review this report in its
entirety, including but not limited to our financial statements and the notes
thereto. Except for our ongoing obligations to disclose material information
under the Federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to release
publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events or to
report the occurrence of unanticipated events. For any forward-looking
statements contained in any document, we claim the protection of the safe harbor
for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995.

GENERAL INFORMATION

Lake Forest Minerals was incorporated in the State of Nevada on June 23, 2008.
We are a development stage company with no revenues or operating history.

We have sold $42,000 in equity securities since inception, $12,000 from the sale
of 8,000,000 shares of stock to our officer and director and $30,000 from the
sale of 3,000,000 shares registered pursuant to our S-1 Registration Statement
which became effective on August 18, 2008. The offering was completed on
September 11, 2008.

Our financial statements from inception through the period ended September 30,
2016 report no revenues and a net loss of $131,695. AMC Auditing, LLC, our
independent auditor, has issued an audit opinion for Lake Forest Minerals which
includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue
as a going concern.

Effective June 26, 2008, the Company entered into a Mineral Property Option
Agreement with T.L. Sadlier-Brown, whereby the Company obtained an option to
acquire the VIN Mineral Claim located in the Princeton Mining Division of
British Columbia.

Prior to completing the payments required under the Agreement, the Company had
the right to conduct exploration and development activities on the property at
its sole discretion and, having provided notice to the vendor, had the option to
terminate the Agreement and relieve itself from any obligations thereunder. On
February 22, 2010 the Company provided notice to Mr. Sadlier-Brown, and
terminated the Option Agreement and relieved itself from any obligations
thereunder.

                                       9
 
Our plan is to seek, investigate, and consummate a merger or other business
combination, purchase of assets or other strategic transaction (i.e. a merger)
with a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other operating
business entity (a "Merger Target") desiring the perceived advantages of
becoming a publicly reporting and publicly held corporation. We have no
operating business, and conduct minimal operations necessary to meet regulatory
requirements. Our ability to commence any operations is contingent upon
obtaining adequate financial resources. We are currently considered a "shell"
company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues, do not own an operating
business, and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or
acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or
business. We have no employees and no material assets.

We currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any
prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that we
will find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation of our
business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the
successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any
offering, any sales of equity securities or debt securities, bank and other
borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination
with a target business which we believe has significant growth potential. While
we may, under certain circumstances, seek to effect business combinations with
more than one target business, unless additional financing is obtained, we will
not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to
undertake additional business combinations.

A common reason for a target company to enter into a merger with a shell company
is the desire to establish a public trading market for its shares. Such a
company would hope to avoid the perceived adverse consequences of undertaking a
public offering itself, such as the time delays and significant expenses
incurred to comply with the various federal and state securities law that
regulate initial public offerings.

As a result of our limited resources, unless and until additional financing is
obtained we expect to have sufficient proceeds to effect only a single business
combination. Accordingly, the prospects for our success will be entirely
dependent upon the future performance of a single business. Unlike certain
entities that have the resources to consummate several business combinations or
entities operating in multiple industries or multiple segments of a single
industry, we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit
from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. A target business
may be dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or
limited number of products, processes or services, in which case there will be
an even higher risk that the target business will not prove to be commercially
viable.

Our officer is only required to devote a small portion of his time to our
affairs on a part-time or as-needed basis. We expect to use outside consultants,
advisors, attorneys and accountants as necessary, none of which will be hired on
a retainer basis. We do not anticipate hiring any full-time employees so long as
we are seeking and evaluating business opportunities.

We do not expect our present management to play any managerial role for us
following a business combination. Although we intend to scrutinize closely the

                                       10
 
management of a prospective target business in connection with our evaluation of
a business combination with a target business, our assessment of management may
be incorrect.

In evaluating a prospective target business, we will consider several factors,
including the following:

     -    experience and skill of management and availability of additional
          personnel of the target business;

     -    costs associated with effecting the business combination;

     -    equity interest retained by our stockholders in the merged entity;

     -    growth potential of the target business;

     -    capital requirements of the target business;

     -    capital available to the target business;

     -    stage of development of the target business;

     -    proprietary features and degree of intellectual property or other
          protection of the target business;

     -    the financial statements of the target business; and

     -    the regulatory environment in which the target business operates.

The foregoing criteria are not intended to be exhaustive and any evaluation
relating to the merits of a particular target business will be based, to the
extent relevant, on the above factors, as well as other considerations we deem
relevant. In connection with our evaluation of a prospective target business, we
anticipate that we will conduct a due diligence review which will encompass,
among other things, meeting with incumbent management as well as a review of
financial, legal and other information.

The time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business (including
conducting a due diligence review) and to structure and consummate the business
combination (including negotiating and documenting relevant agreements and
preparing requisite documents for filing pursuant to applicable corporate and
securities laws) cannot be determined at this time. Our president intends to
devote only a very small portion of his time to our affairs, and, accordingly,
the consummation of a business combination may require a longer time than if he
devoted his full time to our affairs. However, he will devote such time as he
deems reasonably necessary to carry out our business and affairs. The amount of
time devoted to our business and affairs may vary significantly depending upon,
among other things, whether we have identified a target business or are engaged
in active negotiation of a business combination.

We anticipate that various prospective target businesses will be brought to our
attention from various sources, including securities broker-dealers, investment
bankers, venture capitalists, bankers and other members of the financial
community, including, possibly, the executive officers and our affiliates.

                                       11
 
Various impediments to a business combination may arise, such as appraisal
rights afforded the stockholders of a target business under the laws of its
state of organization. This may prove to be deterrent to a particular
combination.

Our shares are quoted on the Over-the-Counter Electronic Bulletin Board (OTCBB)
under the symbol "LAKF". There has been no active trading of our securities,
and, therefore, no high and low bid pricing. As of the date of this report Lake
Forest Minerals had 21 shareholders of record. We have paid no cash dividends
and have no outstanding options.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

We are still in our development stage and have not generated any revenue.

We incurred operating expenses of $3,927 and $2,981 for the three month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These expenses consisted of
general operating expenses incurred in connection with the day to day operation
of our business and the preparation and filing of our periodic reports.

Our net loss from inception (June 23, 2008) through September 30, 2016 was
$131,695.

As of September 30, 2016, Jeffrey Taylor, our officer and director, has loaned
the Company $86,000 for operating expenses. The loan bears no interest and has
no specific terms of repayment.

Our auditors expressed their doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern unless we are able to generate profitable operations.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Our cash in the bank at September 30, 2016 was $1,406 with $91,101 in current
liabilities. We have sold $42,000 in equity securities since inception, $12,000
from the sale of 8,000,000 shares of stock to our officer and director and
$30,000 from the sale of 3,000,000 shares registered pursuant to our S-1
Registration Statement which became effective on August 18, 2008. The offering
was completed on September 11, 2008.

Since we have no revenue or plans to generate any revenue, if our expenses
exceed our cash currently on hand we will be dependent upon loans to fund losses
incurred in excess of our cash.

PLAN OF OPERATION

Our plan is to seek, investigate, and consummate a merger or other business
combination, purchase of assets or other strategic transaction (i.e. a merger)
with a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other operating
business entity (a "Merger Target") desiring the perceived advantages of
becoming a publicly reporting and publicly held corporation. We have no
operating business, and conduct minimal operations necessary to meet regulatory
requirements. Our ability to commence any operations is contingent upon
obtaining adequate financial resources.

                                       12
 
We are not currently engaged in any business activities that provide cash flow.
The costs of investigating and analyzing business combinations for the next 12
months and beyond such time will be paid with money in our treasury.

During the next twelve months we anticipate incurring costs related to:

     (i)  filing of Exchange Act reports, and

     (ii) costs relating to identifying and consummating a transaction with a
          Merger Target.

We believe we will be able to meet these costs through use of funds in our
treasury and additional amounts, as necessary, to be loaned to or invested in us
by our stockholders, management or other investors.

We may consider a business which has recently commenced operations, is a
developing company in need of additional funds for expansion into new products
or markets, is seeking to develop a new product or service, or is an established
business which may be experiencing financial or operating difficulties and is in
need of additional capital. In the alternative, a business combination may
involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need
substantial additional capital, but which desires to establish a public trading
market for its shares, while avoiding, among other things, the time delays,
significant expense, and loss of voting control which may occur in a public
offering.

Jeffrey Taylor is our president, secretary and our chief financial officer. Mr.
Taylor is only required to devote a small portion of his time to our affairs on
a part-time or as-needed basis. No regular compensation has, in the past, nor is
anticipated in the future, to be paid to any officer or director in their
capacities as such. We do not anticipate hiring any full-time employees as long
as we are seeking and evaluating business opportunities.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements.

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including the chief executive officer and the chief financial
officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Based upon
that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer
concluded that the company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective,
as of September 30, 2016, in ensuring that material information relating to us
required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by an issuer in reports it files or submits

                                       13
 
under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management,
including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial
officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING.

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified
in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of
the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this report that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION

CHANGES IN REGISTRANT'S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT

     (i)  Seale & Beers, CPAs, LLC ("Seale & Beers"), the independent registered
          public accounting firm for Lake Forest Minerals Inc. (the "Company"),
          informed the Company on September 13, 2016 that Seale & Beers was in
          the process of being acquired by AMC Auditing LLC ("AMC"). As a
          result, effective October 31, 2016 Seale & Beers resigned as the
          Company's independent registered public accounting firm. The sole
          Director has engaged AMC to serve as the Company's independent
          registered public accounting firm effective October 31, 2016.

     (ii) The reports of Seale & Beers on the consolidated financial statements
          of the Company as of and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and
          June 30, 2015, contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion
          and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or
          accounting principles, with the exception that the report did include
          a going concern paragraph.

     (iii) During the Company's fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 and
          the subsequent interim period from July 1, 2016 to the date of the
          Company's report on Form 8-K, and in connection with the audit of the
          Company's financial statements for such periods, there were no
          disagreements between the Company and Seale & Beers on any matter of
          accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or
          auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to
          the satisfaction of Seale & Beers, would have caused Seale & Beers to
          make reference to the subject matter of such disagreements in
          connection with its audit reports on the Company's financial
          statements.

     (iv) During the Company's fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, and
          the subsequent interim period from July 1, 2016 to the date of this
          report, there were no reportable events within the meaning of Item
          304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.

     (v)  During the Company's fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, and
          the subsequent interim period from July 1, 2016 to the date of this
          report, the Company did not consult with AMC regarding any of the
          matters set forth in Items 304(a)(2)(i) and (ii) of Regulation S-K.

                                       14
 
     (vi) The Company provided Seale & Beers with a copy of the disclosures in
          the Company's report on Form 8-K and requested that Seale & Beers
          furnish it with a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange
          Commission stating whether or not Seale & Beers agrees with the
          statements in this Item 4.01. A copy of the letter was filed as
          Exhibit 16.1 to the Company's report on Form 8-K as filed on November
          3, 2016.

                           PART II. OTHER INFORMATION

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS

Exhibit           Description                         Method of Filing
-------           -----------                         ----------------

3.1      Articles of Incorporation              Incorporated by reference to
                                                Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's
                                                Registration Statement on Form
                                                S-1 filed with the SEC on
                                                August 6, 2008.

3.2      Bylaws                                 Incorporated by reference to
                                                Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's
                                                Registration Statement on Form
                                                S-1 filed with the SEC on
                                                August 6, 2008.

31.1     Certification of Chief Executive       Filed electronically herewith
         Officer pursuant to Section 302
         of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

31.2     Certification of Chief Financial       Filed electronically herewith
         Officer pursuant to Section 302
         of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32       Certification of Chief Executive       Filed electronically herewith
         Officer and Chief Financial Officer
         pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
         as adopted pursuant to Section 906
         of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

101      Interactive data files pursuant to     Filed electronically herewith
         Rule 405 of Regulation S-T

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

/s/ Jeffrey Taylor                                           November 8, 2016
------------------------------------                         ----------------
Jeffrey Taylor, President & Director                               Date
(Principal Executive Officer,
Principal Financial Officer,
Principal Accounting Officer)

                                       15

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31-1.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 31.1

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                                 SECTION 302 OF
                         THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
                    CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

I, Jeffrey Taylor, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lake Forest Minerals,
     Inc.;

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
     statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
     were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
     report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
     information included in this report, fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
     financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

     a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;
     b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
          such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
          our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
          reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;
     c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
     of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
          reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
     b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
          employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting.

Date: November 8, 2016

/s/ Jeffrey Taylor
------------------------------------
Jeffrey Taylor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 ex31-2.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 31.2

                            CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                                 SECTION 302 OF
                         THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
                    CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

I, Jeffrey Taylor, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lake Forest Minerals,
     Inc.;

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
     statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
     were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
     report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
     information included in this report, fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
     financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

     a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;
     b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
          such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
          our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
          reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;
     c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
     of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
          reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
     b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
          employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting.

Date: November 8, 2016

/s/ Jeffrey Taylor
------------------------------------
Jeffrey Taylor
Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.txt
 
                                                                      Exhibit 32

      CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
                           PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Lake Forest Minerals, Inc. (the
"Company") on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I,
Jeffrey Taylor, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to
ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

     (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

     (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
          material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
          of the Company.

/s/ Jeffrey Taylor
------------------------------------
Jeffrey Taylor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Chief Financial Officer
November 8, 2016

This certification accompanies this Report pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by
reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it
by reference.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 lakf-20160930.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 lakf-20160930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 lakf-20160930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 lakf-20160930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 lakf-20160930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lakf-20160930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

