<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1616736_0001165527-16-000928_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>729685</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>40798</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>60276</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>64799</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>293185</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>256211</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>3</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001165527-16-000928.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114143014
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001165527-16-000928
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		32
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Gogo Baby, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001616736
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GAMES, TOYS & CHILDREN'S VEHICLES (NO DOLLS & BICYCLES) [3944]
		IRS NUMBER:				900998139
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-198772
		FILM NUMBER:		161993732

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5745 KEARNY VILLA RD.
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92123
		BUSINESS PHONE:		619-247-9630

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5745 KEARNY VILLA RD.
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92123

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001165527-16-000928.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 g8328.txt
 
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-Q

[X] QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934

    FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

                        Commission file number 333-198772

Gogo Baby, Inc.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                                    Delaware
         (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

                           5745 Kearny Villa Rd. #102
                               San Diego, CA 92123
          (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

                                  (858) 492-1288
                     (Telephone number, including area code)

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. YES [X] NO [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and
posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (ss.232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES [X] NO [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of "large accelerated filer, "accelerated filer,"
"non-accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer [ ]                        Accelerated filer [ ]

Non-accelerated filer [ ]                          Smaller reporting company [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES [ ] NO [X]

State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common
equity, as of the latest practicable date: 36,550,000 shares as of November 11,
2016.
 
ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                 GoGo Baby, Inc.
                            Condensed Balance Sheets
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

                                       2
 
                                 GoGo Baby, Inc.
                       Condensed Statements of Operations
                                   (Unaudited)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

                                       3
 
                                 GoGo Baby, Inc.
                       Condensed Statements of Cash Flows
                                   (Unaudited)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

                                       4
 
                                 GoGo Baby, Inc.
               Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited)
                               September 30, 2016
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

GoGo Baby, Inc. (the "Company") was incorporated on February 22, 2013 under the
laws of the State of Delaware to enter into the toy industry. The GoGo Baby
invention of a wireless car seat toy system was created with the objective to
provide a car seat toy system that the driver can activate from the steering
wheel. It is Gogo Baby's first objective to sell the patent to a major company
or secondly have the toy manufactured, set up an online store and market the
product.

The Company's activities to date have been limited to organization and capital.
The Company's fiscal year end is December 31.

BASIS OF PRESENTATION - UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The accompanying unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles for financial information and with
the instructions to Form 10-Q. They do not include all information and footnotes
required by United States generally accepted accounting principles for complete
financial statements. However, except as disclosed herein, there has been no
material changes in the information disclosed in the notes to the financial
statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company's
Form 10K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2016.
The unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction with those
financial statements included in the Form 10K. In the opinion of Management, all
adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation, consisting solely of
normal recurring adjustments, have been made. Operating results for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results
that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016.

NOTE 2 - GOING CONCERN

Future issuances of the Company's equity or debt securities will be required in
order for the Company to continue to finance its operations and continue as a
going concern. The Company's present revenues are insufficient to meet operating
expenses. The financial statement of the Company have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, among
other things, the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in
the normal course of business. The Company has incurred cumulative net losses of
$58,010. since its inception and requires capital for its contemplated
operational and marketing activities to take place. The Company's ability to
raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock is
unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of
the Company's contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately,
to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to
continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raise
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may
result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties.

                                       5
 
                                 GoGo Baby, Inc.
               Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited)
                               September 30, 2016
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 3 - NOTES PAYABLE - RELATED PARTY

                                                September 30,      December 31,
                                                    2016              2016
                                                  --------          --------

Long Term Notes Payable-related part              $ 43,500          $ 32,000
Less: Due in one year                               13,000            15,000
                                                  --------          --------
Balance                                           $ 30,500          $ 17,000
                                                  ========          ========

Since inception the Company received cash totaling $43,500 from Malcolm Hargrave
in the form of a promissory note. As of September 30, 2016, the amount due to
Malcolm Hargrave was $43,500.

On December 31, 2013, the Company received a $4,000 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on December 31, 2015. On December
31, 2015, the loan was extended to December 31, 2017.

On June 30, 2014, the Company received a $6,000 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on June 30, 2016. On June 30, 2016,
the loan was extended to June 30, 2018.

On September 9, 2014, the Company received a $9,000 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on September 9, 2016. On September
9, 2016, the loan was extended to September 9, 2018.

On January 5, 2015, the Company received a $4,000 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on January 5, 2017.

On April 20, 2015, the Company received a $9,000 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on April 20, 2017.

On February 26, 2016, the Company received a $5,000 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on February 26, 2018.

On April 11, 2016, the Company received a $5,000 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on April 11, 2018.

On August 3, 2016, the Company received a $1,500 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on August 3, 2018.

As of September 30, 2016, accrued interest is $2,703 and December 31, 2015 is
$1,519.

                                       6
 
                                 GoGo Baby, Inc.
               Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited)
                               September 30, 2016
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 4 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

The stockholders' equity section of the Company contains the following classes
of capital stock as of September 30, 2016:

Common stock, $ 0.0001 par value: 100,000,000 shares authorized; 36,550,000
shares issued and outstanding.

Preferred stock, $ 0.0001 par value: 20,000,000 shares authorized; no shares
issued and outstanding.

NOTE 5 - SUBSEQUENT EVENT

On November 6, 2016, the Company received a $5,500 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on November 6, 2018.

                                       7
 
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION

           CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

Certain statements in this report on Form 10-Q contain or may contain
forward-looking statements that are subject to known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual results, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements were based on various factors and were derived
utilizing numerous assumptions and other factors that could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Most
of these factors are difficult to predict accurately and are generally beyond
our control. You should consider the areas of risk described in connection with
any forward-looking statements that may be made herein. Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date of this report. Readers should carefully review this report
in its entirety, including but not limited to our financial statements and the
notes thereto. Except for our ongoing obligations to disclose material
information under the Federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to
release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report
events or to report the occurrence of unanticipated events. For any
forward-looking statements contained in any document, we claim the protection of
the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

OVERVIEW

Gogo Baby, Inc. (the "Company") was incorporated on February 22, 2013. As of
September 30, 2016 the Company had a cash balance of $202. GoGo Baby may raise
additional capital either through debt or equity. No assurances can be given
that such efforts will be successful.

Pursuant to a recent registration statement on Form S-1, DTH International
Corporation, a shareholder of Gogo Baby Inc., has distributed to its
shareholders 1,000,000 shares of its GoGo Baby common stock. The distribution
was made to holders of record of DTH International Corporation common stock as
of the close of business on December 31, 2013, on the basis of one share of GoGo
Baby's common stock for each one share of DTH International Corporation common
stock held. The 1,000,000 shares of the common stock distributed to DTH
International Corporation shareholders represent 2.7% of all the issued and
outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. DTH International
Corporation acquired 1,500,000 shares of the common stock of GoGo Baby on
November 14, 2013, for $1,000. After the distribution, a shareholder of GoGo
Baby controls 95% of the outstanding common stock.

The Company plans to attempt to raise additional equity capital by making an
equity offering to its new shareholders as soon as possible. New shareholders
are the DTH International Corporation shareholders who were shareholders on
December 31, 2013.

                                       8
 
BUSINESS PLAN

GoGo Baby, Inc. was incorporated to create toys for small children which attach
to car seats to amuse and entertain children while riding in a car.

Our proposed product allows the driver to wirelessly control entertainment toys
attached to infant and child car seats located behind the driver, therefore
allowing the driver to maintain attention on driving and avoiding distractions
caused by turning toys on while driving.

The Company has two operating objectives to its business plan.

OPERATING OBJECTIVE ONE

Our primary Operating Objective is to produce a prototype to sell or license to
a large producer of either children's car seats or toys. In order to do this the
Company must:

     *    Phase 1. Produce a viable prototype to demonstrate to the potential
          car seat/toy manufacturers. The prototype will be designed and built
          by Mr. Hargrave. More than one prototype may need to be built before a
          satisfactory design is developed. A prototype can require up to a
          month to design and build with additional time expended for testing.
          Material to build the prototype is estimated at less than $100.

     *    Phase 2. Contact a group of companies which could be potential
          purchasers' or licensees. The Company will develop a list of potential
          companies and will contact then by letter and telephone.

     *    Phase 3. Make presentations to these companies.

To date the Company has built two prototypes and tested them. These are
engineering prototypes and are not manufacturing models. The Company is working
on additional prototypes which may be of sufficient viability to show to
potential car seat/toy manufacturers who may purchase the product or concept.
The Company believes it has sufficient capital resources the carry out Operating
Objective One, however development cannot always to assured. The Company may
face engineering or financial problems which it may not be able to overcome.

If we are unsuccessful at selling or licensing our product, then we may consider
our second Operating Objective described below.

OPERATING OBJECTIVE TWO

If Operating Objective One is not successful the Company may consider direct
sales of the product on the internet. This would entail a large expense and the
Company might not be able to raise the required capital. At this time the
requirements are unknown and will be known only when this is considered.

At the present time the Company is not expending time or money on Operating
Objective Two and will not do so in the near future. It will be expending all
its efforts on Operating Objective One.

                                       9
 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

We have generated no revenue since inception and have incurred $1,000 research
and development expenses through September 30, 2016. From inception date to
September 30, 2016 the Company has a net loss of $58,010.

The following table provides selected financial data about our company for the
period from the date of incorporation through September 30, 2016.

             Balance Sheet Data:                9/30/2016
             -------------------                ---------

             Cash                               $    202
             Total assets                       $    207
             Total liabilities                  $ 53,712
             Shareholders' deficit              $(53,505)

THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 we generated no revenues and had
$3,575 in general and administrative expenses. We recorded $430 in interest
expense, for a net loss of $4,005.

For the three months ended September 30, 2015 we generated no revenues and had
$4,077 in general and administrative expenses. We recorded $320 in interest
expense, for a net loss of $4,397.

NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we generated no revenues and had
$13,661 in general and administrative expenses. We recorded $1,184 in interest
expense, for a net loss of $14,845.

For the nine months ended September 30, 2015 we generated no revenues and had
$18,393 in general and administrative expenses. We recorded $848 in interest
expense, for a net loss of $19,241.

GOING CONCERN

Our auditor has issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is
substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next
twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills. Our cash
balance at September 30, 2016 was $202. We believe our cash balance and loans
from our director are sufficient to fund our limited levels of operations.

                                       10
 
OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably
likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in
financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.

LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY; NEED FOR ADDITIONAL CAPITAL

There is no historical financial information about us on which to base an
evaluation of our performance. We are a development stage company and have not
generated revenues from operations. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in
our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the
establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources,
possible delays in implementing our business plan, and possible cost overruns
due to increases in the cost of services.

All work is done by the Company's President at no cost to the Company. Mr.
Hargrave receives no salary and he donates parts from his own inventory at no
cost to the Company. The Company's major expense is corporate costs including
accounting which the Company estimates at a monthly average of $1,000. The
Company's present cash balance of $202 will last about 1 week at the present
"burn rate".

To become profitable and competitive, we must implement our business plan and
generate revenue and raise additional capital.

PUBLIC COMPANY EXPENSE

The Company estimates its quarterly public company expense as follows:

      Audit review                  $1,800
      Accounting                       450
      Edgar                            500
                                    ------
      Total                         $2,750
                                    ======

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Our director has agreed to advance funds as needed. While he has agreed to
advance the funds he is not legally required to do so and may not for any
reason. The Company intends to make an equity offering to its new shareholders
after the distribution.

We received our initial funding of $1,000 through the sale of common stock to
Mr. Hargrave, our officer and director, who purchased 10,000,000 shares of our
common stock at $0.0001 per share on June 22, 2013. On June 9, 2014, Mr.
Hargrave purchased an additional 25,000,000 shares for $2,500. Our financial
statements from inception (February 22, 2013) through September 30, 2016 report
no revenues and net losses of $58,010.

                                       11
 
Since inception the Company received cash totaling $43,500 from Malcolm Hargrave
in the form of promissory notes. The date and terms of the loans are:

     1.   On December 31, 2013, the Company received a $4,000 loan. This loan is
          at 4% interest with principle and interest all due on December 31,
          2017. On December 31, 2015 the loan was extended to December 31, 2017.

     2.   On June 30, 2014, the Company received a $6,000 loan. This loan is at
          4% interest with principle and interest all due on June 30, 2016. On
          June 30, 2016, the loan was extended to June 30, 2018.

     3.   On September 9, 2014, the Company received a $9,000 loan. This loan is
          at 4% interest with principle and interest all due on September 9,
          2016.

     4.   On January 5, 2015, the Company received a $4,000 loan. This loan is
          at 4% interest with principle and interest all due on January 5, 2017.

     5.   On April 20, 2015, the Company received a $9,000 loan. This loan is at
          4% interest with principle and interest all due on April 20, 2017.

     6.   On February 26, 2016, the Company received a $5,000 loan. This loan is
          at 4% interest with principle and interest all due on February 26,
          2018.

     7.   On April 11, 2016, the Company received a $5,000 loan. This loan is at
          4% interest with principle and interest all due on April 11, 2018.

     8.   On August 3, 2016, the Company received a $1,500 loan. This loan is at
          4% interest with principle and interest all due on August 3, 2018.

As of September 30, 2016, accrued interest is $2,703.

PLAN OF OPERATION

The following are the past and projected future activities of the company in
milestone format. The specific timing of each milestone will depend on the
ability of GoGo Baby to raise capital; therefore these dates are estimates which
may not be met.

MILESTONES:

FEBRUARY 22, 2013 TO DECEMBER 31, 2014

The Company has during this period:

     *    Purchased a provisional patent on its product

     *    Built and operated models of its product successfully

     *    Filed for and has received a patent pending on its product

                                       12
 
JANUARY 1, 2015 TO MARCH 31, 2015

     *    Product Prototype which can be shown to manufacturers of toys and
          child car seats.

     *    Compiled list of manufacturers of toys and child car seats.

APRIL 1, 2015 TO JUNE 30, 2015

     *    Completed version for demo to manufacturers of car seats and toys

JULY 1, 2015 TO DEC 31, 2015

     *    Completed new version for testing

Future Plans

JANUARY 1, 2016 TO DECEMBER 31, 2016

     *    Test latest version on new model cars

     *    Make list of prospective manufactures

     *    Start contacting manufactures

The prototype must still be tested on several different types of auto and other
vehicles. No prototype has yet been shown nor have we contacted any potential
purchasers or manufacturers.

On April 10, 2016 the company was advised by legal counsel that the patent
pending for the product had been formally turned down. We are now investigating
alternative marketing strategies.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements.

GOING CONCERN

Our auditor has issued a going concern opinion on March 18, 2016 for December
31, 2015 financial statements. This means that there is substantial doubt that
we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we
obtain additional capital to pay our bills.

SUBSEQUENT EVENT

On November 6, 2016, the Company received a $5,500 loan. This loan is at 4%
interest with principle and interest all due on November 6, 2018.

                                       13
 
ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Management maintains "disclosure controls and procedures," as such term is
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
"Exchange Act"), that are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.

In connection with the preparation of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, an
evaluation was carried out by management, with the participation of the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016.

Based on that evaluation, management concluded, as of the end of the period
covered by this report, that our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective in recording, processing, summarizing, and reporting information
required to be disclosed, within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission's rules and forms.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

As of the end of the period covered by this report, there have been no changes
in the internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting subsequent to
the date of management's last evaluation.

                                       14
 
                           PART II. OTHER INFORMATION

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS

The following exhibits are included with this quarterly filing. Those marked
with an asterisk and required to be filed hereunder, are incorporated by
reference and can be found in their entirety in our original Registration
Statement on Form S-1, filed under SEC File Number 333-198772, at the SEC
website at www.sec.gov:

Exhibit No.                        Description
-----------                        -----------

    3.1         Articles of Incorporation*
    3.2         Bylaws*
   31.1         Sec. 302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer
   31.2         Sec. 302 Certification of Principal Financial Officer
   32.1         Sec. 906 Certification of Principal Executive Officer
   32.2         Sec. 906 Certification of Principal Financial Officer
   101          Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T

                                       15
 
                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

GoGo Baby, Inc., Registrant

By /s/ Malcolm Hargrave                                        November 11, 2016
  ------------------------------------------------             -----------------
  MALCOLM HARGRAVE
  President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director
  Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
  Chief Accounting Officer

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated.

/s/ Malcolm Hargrave               Principal Executive Officer          11/11/16
---------------------------        ---------------------------          --------
MALCOLM HARGRAVE                            Title                         Date

/s/ Malcolm Hargrave               Principal Financial Officer          11/11/16
---------------------------        ---------------------------          --------
MALCOLM HARGRAVE                            Title                         Date

/s/ Malcolm Hargrave               Principal Accounting Officer         11/11/16
---------------------------        ---------------------------          --------
MALCOLM HARGRAVE                            Title                         Date

/s/ Malcolm Hargrave               President, Secretary, Treasurer      11/11/16
---------------------------        -------------------------------      --------
MALCOLM HARGRAVE                            Title                         Date

/s/ Malcolm Hargrave               Director                             11/11/16
---------------------------        ---------------------------          --------
MALCOLM HARGRAVE                            Title                         Date

                                       16

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 31.1

                                  CERTIFICATION

I, Malcolm Hargrave, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q.

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
     statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
     were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
     report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
     information included in this report, fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
     financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

     a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;
     b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
          such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
          our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
          reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;
     c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of
     directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
          reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
     b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
          employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting.

Date: November 11, 2016

/s/ Malcolm Hargrave
-----------------------------------
Malcolm Hargrave
Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 31.2

                                  CERTIFICATION

I, Malcolm Hargrave, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q.

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
     statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
     were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
     report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
     information included in this report, fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
     financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

     a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;
     b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
          such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
          our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
          reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;
     c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of
     directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
          reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

     b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
          employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting.

Date: November 11, 2016

/s/ Malcolm Hargrave
-----------------------------------
Malcolm Hargrave
Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 32.1

                                  CERTIFICATION
                           Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Gogo Baby, Inc. (the
"Company") for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), Malcolm Hargrave, as
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-OxLey Act of 2002, that:

     (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

     (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
          material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
          of the Company.

Date: November 11, 2016                   By: /s/ Malcolm Hargrave
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Malcolm Hargrave
                                             Chief Executive Officer

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to ss. 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of ss.18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.txt
 
                                                                    Exhibit 32.2

                                  CERTIFICATION
                           Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Gogo Baby, Inc. (the
"Company") for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), Malcolm Hargrave, as
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-OxLey Act of 2002, that:

     (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

     (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
          material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
          of the Company.

Date: November 11, 2016                   By: /s/ Malcolm Hargrave
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Malcolm Hargrave
                                             Chief Financial Officer

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to ss. 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of ss.18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 goba-20160930.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 goba-20160930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 goba-20160930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 goba-20160930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 goba-20160930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 goba-20160930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

